http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22903;Abbottina;rivularis;122;Abbottina rivularis;Chinese false gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=972;Ablennes;hians;207;Ablennes hians;Flat needlefish;Belonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=268;Abramis;brama;122;Abramis brama;Freshwater bream;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6630;Abudefduf;vaigiensis;350;Abudefduf vaigiensis;Indo-Pacific sergeant;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47208;Abyssocottus;korotneffi;584;Abyssocottus korotneffi;;Abyssocottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52603;Acanthobrama;marmid;122;Acanthobrama marmid;Tigris bream;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48174;Acanthobrama;microlepis;122;Acanthobrama microlepis;Blackbrow bleak;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55146;Acanthobrama;urmianus;122;Acanthobrama urmianus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9046;Acanthochaenus;luetkenii;232;Acanthochaenus luetkenii;Pricklefish;Stephanoberycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49224;Acanthoclinus;littoreus;294;Acanthoclinus littoreus;;Plesiopidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24577;Acanthocobitis;mooreh;692;Acanthocobitis mooreh;;Nemacheilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=89;Acanthocybium;solandri;416;Acanthocybium solandri;Wahoo;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3832;Acanthogobius;flavimanus;405;Acanthogobius flavimanus;Yellowfin goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=67314;Acanthopagrus;arabicus;330;Acanthopagrus arabicus;Arabian yellowfin seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8109;Acanthopagrus;australis;330;Acanthopagrus australis;Yellowfin bream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5526;Acanthopagrus;berda;330;Acanthopagrus berda;Goldsilk seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4543;Acanthopagrus;bifasciatus;330;Acanthopagrus bifasciatus;Twobar seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14601;Acanthopagrus;butcheri;330;Acanthopagrus butcheri;Black bream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6356;Acanthopagrus;latus;330;Acanthopagrus latus;Yellowfin seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6531;Acanthopagrus;schlegelii;330;Acanthopagrus schlegelii;Blackhead seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4748;Acanthurus;auranticavus;412;Acanthurus auranticavus;Orange-socket surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=942;Acanthurus;bahianus;412;Acanthurus bahianus;Ocean surgeon;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4750;Acanthurus;blochii;412;Acanthurus blochii;Ringtail surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=943;Acanthurus;chirurgus;412;Acanthurus chirurgus;Doctorfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=944;Acanthurus;coeruleus;412;Acanthurus coeruleus;Blue tang surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1256;Acanthurus;dussumieri;412;Acanthurus dussumieri;Eyestripe surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1257;Acanthurus;leucosternon;412;Acanthurus leucosternon;Powderblue surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1258;Acanthurus;lineatus;412;Acanthurus lineatus;Lined surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1255;Acanthurus;mata;412;Acanthurus mata;Elongate surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6011;Acanthurus;nigricans;412;Acanthurus nigricans;Whitecheek surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4747;Acanthurus;nigricauda;412;Acanthurus nigricauda;Epaulette surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4739;Acanthurus;nigrofuscus;412;Acanthurus nigrofuscus;Brown surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4744;Acanthurus;olivaceus;412;Acanthurus olivaceus;Orangespot surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4742;Acanthurus;pyroferus;412;Acanthurus pyroferus;Chocolate surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1260;Acanthurus;triostegus;412;Acanthurus triostegus;Convict surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1261;Acanthurus;xanthopterus;412;Acanthurus xanthopterus;Yellowfin surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51077;Acestrorhynchus;lacustris;593;Acestrorhynchus lacustris;;Acestrorhynchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10429;Achirus;mazatlanus;516;Achirus mazatlanus;Mazatlan sole;Achiridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14420;Achoerodus;gouldii;362;Achoerodus gouldii;Western blue groper;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23608;Achondrostoma;arcasii;122;Achondrostoma arcasii;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4683;Acipenser;baerii;32;Acipenser baerii;Siberian sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2590;Acipenser;brevirostrum;32;Acipenser brevirostrum;Shortnose sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2591;Acipenser;fulvescens;32;Acipenser fulvescens;Lake sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4712;Acipenser;gueldenstaedtii;32;Acipenser gueldenstaedtii;Danube sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2592;Acipenser;medirostris;32;Acipenser medirostris;Green sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2505;Acipenser;nudiventris;32;Acipenser nudiventris;Fringebarbel sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2593;Acipenser;oxyrinchus;32;Acipenser oxyrinchus;Atlantic sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4604;Acipenser;ruthenus;32;Acipenser ruthenus;Sterlet sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6085;Acipenser;schrenckii;32;Acipenser schrenckii;Amur sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2065;Acipenser;stellatus;32;Acipenser stellatus;Starry sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2066;Acipenser;sturio;32;Acipenser sturio;Sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2594;Acipenser;transmontanus;32;Acipenser transmontanus;White sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7849;Acreichthys;tomentosus;517;Acreichthys tomentosus;Bristle-tail file-fish;Monacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5509;Acroteriobatus;annulatus;17;Acroteriobatus annulatus;Lesser sandshark;Rhinobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3073;Acyrtops;beryllinus;434;Acyrtops beryllinus;Emerald clingfish;Gobiesocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7037;Aethotaxis;mitopteryx+mitopteryx;382;Aethotaxis mitopteryx mitopteryx;Longfin icedevil;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13258;Agamyxis;albomaculatus;146;Agamyxis albomaculatus;Spiny cat-fish;Doradidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=53698;Ageneiosus;militaris;147;Ageneiosus militaris;;Auchenipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=53704;Ageneiosus;pardalis;147;Ageneiosus pardalis;;Auchenipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48607;Ageneiosus;ucayalensis;147;Ageneiosus ucayalensis;;Auchenipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=36;Agonus;cataphractus;283;Agonus cataphractus;Hooknose;Agonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8435;Albatrossia;pectoralis;185;Albatrossia pectoralis;Giant grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11512;Albula;glossodonta;48;Albula glossodonta;Roundjaw bonefish;Albulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=228;Albula;vulpes;48;Albula vulpes;Bonefish;Albulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4875;Alburnoides;bipunctatus;122;Alburnoides bipunctatus;Schneider;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65180;Alburnoides;eichwaldii;122;Alburnoides eichwaldii;Kura chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65152;Alburnoides;namaki;122;Alburnoides namaki;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=64985;Alburnoides;qanati;122;Alburnoides qanati;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4730;Alburnus;alburnus;122;Alburnus alburnus;Bleak;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25857;Alburnus;belvica;122;Alburnus belvica;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5473;Alburnus;chalcoides;122;Alburnus chalcoides;Danube bleak;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52610;Alburnus;mossulensis;122;Alburnus mossulensis;Mossul bleak;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12938;Aldrichetta;forsteri;359;Aldrichetta forsteri;Yellow-eye mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10;Alectis;indica;314;Alectis indica;Indian threadfish;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1889;Alepes;djedaba;314;Alepes djedaba;Shrimp scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1903;Alepes;kleinii;314;Alepes kleinii;Razorbelly scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1890;Alepes;melanoptera;314;Alepes melanoptera;Blackfin scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=230;Alepocephalus;bairdii;86;Alepocephalus bairdii;Baird's slickhead;Alepocephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5071;Alepocephalus;rostratus;86;Alepocephalus rostratus;Risso's smooth-head;Alepocephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11590;Alepocephalus;tenebrosus;86;Alepocephalus tenebrosus;California slickhead;Alepocephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2405;Alestes;baremoze;518;Alestes baremoze;Silversides;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5229;Alestes;dentex;518;Alestes dentex;Characin;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5230;Alestes;macrophthalmus;518;Alestes macrophthalmus;Torpedo robber;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24122;Allocareproctus;jordani;615;Allocareproctus jordani;Cherry snailfish;Liparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12962;Allocyttus;niger;250;Allocyttus niger;Black oreo;Oreosomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5891;Alopias;pelagicus;486;Alopias pelagicus;Pelagic thresher;Alopiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2534;Alopias;superciliosus;486;Alopias superciliosus;Bigeye thresher;Alopiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2535;Alopias;vulpinus;486;Alopias vulpinus;Thresher;Alopiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=101;Alosa;alosa;43;Alosa alosa;Allis shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1576;Alosa;braschnikowi;43;Alosa braschnikowi;Caspian marine shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1577;Alosa;caspia+caspia;43;Alosa caspia caspia;Caspian shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5355;Alosa;fallax;43;Alosa fallax;Twaite shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=105;Alosa;immaculata;43;Alosa immaculata;Pontic shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1580;Alosa;kessleri;43;Alosa kessleri;Caspian anadromous shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25775;Alosa;macedonica;43;Alosa macedonica;Macedonia shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1582;Alosa;mediocris;43;Alosa mediocris;Hickory shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1583;Alosa;pseudoharengus;43;Alosa pseudoharengus;Alewife;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1584;Alosa;sapidissima;43;Alosa sapidissima;American shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1585;Alosa;saposchnikowii;43;Alosa saposchnikowii;Saposhnikovi shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4274;Aluterus;monoceros;517;Aluterus monoceros;Unicorn leatherjacket filefish;Monacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3615;Amatitlania;nigrofasciata;349;Amatitlania nigrofasciata;Convict cichlid;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10550;Ambassis;agassizii;509;Ambassis agassizii;Agassiz's glassfish;Ambassidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4806;Ambassis;gymnocephalus;509;Ambassis gymnocephalus;Bald glassy;Ambassidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5982;Ambassis;kopsii;509;Ambassis kopsii;Freckled hawkfish;Ambassidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3360;Ambloplites;constellatus;302;Ambloplites constellatus;Ozark bass;Centrarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1501;Amblygaster;sirm;43;Amblygaster sirm;Spotted sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3058;Amblyopsis;rosae;178;Amblyopsis rosae;Ozark cavefish;Amblyopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3059;Amblyopsis;spelaea;178;Amblyopsis spelaea;Northern cavefish;Amblyopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13619;Amblypharyngodon;melettinus;122;Amblypharyngodon melettinus;Attentive carplet;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2565;Amblyraja;radiata;19;Amblyraja radiata;Starry ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3021;Ameiurus;natalis;129;Ameiurus natalis;Yellow bullhead;Ictaluridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3022;Ameiurus;nebulosus;129;Ameiurus nebulosus;Brown bullhead;Ictaluridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2600;Amia;calva;35;Amia calva;Bowfin;Amiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3820;Ammodytes;americanus;402;Ammodytes americanus;American sand lance;Ammodytidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3821;Ammodytes;dubius;402;Ammodytes dubius;Northern sand lance;Ammodytidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3822;Ammodytes;hexapterus;402;Ammodytes hexapterus;Pacific sand lance;Ammodytidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=37;Ammodytes;marinus;402;Ammodytes marinus;Lesser sand-eel;Ammodytidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=487;Ammodytes;personatus;402;Ammodytes personatus;Pacific sandlance;Ammodytidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=38;Ammodytes;tobianus;402;Ammodytes tobianus;Small sandeel;Ammodytidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14923;Amniataba;caudavittata;299;Amniataba caudavittata;Yellowtail trumpeter;Terapontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=957;Amphiarius;rugispinis;145;Amphiarius rugispinis;Softhead sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9407;Amphilius;jacksonii;136;Amphilius jacksonii;Marbled mountain catfish;Amphiliidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4551;Amphiprion;chrysopterus;350;Amphiprion chrysopterus;Orangefin anemonefish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4654;Amphiprion;melanopus;350;Amphiprion melanopus;Fire clownfish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2024;Amphiprion;perideraion;350;Amphiprion perideraion;Pink anemonefish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4655;Amphiprion;tricinctus;350;Amphiprion tricinctus;Maroon clownfish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3622;Amphistichus;argenteus;348;Amphistichus argenteus;Barred surfperch;Embiotocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=495;Anabas;testudineus;426;Anabas testudineus;Climbing perch;Anabantidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3810;Anarhichas;denticulatus;396;Anarhichas denticulatus;Northern wolffish;Anarhichadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2501;Anarhichas;lupus;396;Anarhichas lupus;Atlantic wolffish;Anarhichadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3811;Anarhichas;minor;396;Anarhichas minor;Spotted wolffish;Anarhichadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=925;Anchoa;marinii;454;Anchoa marinii;Marini's anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=545;Anchoa;mitchilli;454;Anchoa mitchilli;Bay anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=730;Anchoa;mundeola;454;Anchoa mundeola;False Panama anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1163;Anchoa;nasus;454;Anchoa nasus;Longnose anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=534;Anchoa;panamensis;454;Anchoa panamensis;Panama anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=540;Anchoa;tricolor;454;Anchoa tricolor;Piquitinga anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=35;Anguilla;anguilla;49;Anguilla anguilla;European eel;Anguillidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=295;Anguilla;japonica;49;Anguilla japonica;Japanese eel;Anguillidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1276;Anguilla;mossambica;49;Anguilla mossambica;African longfin eel;Anguillidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8253;Anisotremus;interruptus;327;Anisotremus interruptus;Burrito grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1619;Anodontostoma;chacunda;43;Anodontostoma chacunda;Chacunda gizzard shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2308;Anoplogaster;cornuta;239;Anoplogaster cornuta;Common fangtooth;Anoplogastridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=512;Anoplopoma;fimbria;270;Anoplopoma fimbria;Sablefish;Anoplopomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60529;Anotopterus;nikparini;172;Anotopterus nikparini;North Pacific daggertooth;Anotopteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2006;Antimora;microlepis;180;Antimora microlepis;Finescale mora;Moridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2005;Antimora;rostrata;180;Antimora rostrata;Blue antimora;Moridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3269;Apeltes;quadracus;260;Apeltes quadracus;Fourspine stickleback;Gasterosteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49442;Aphanius;danfordii;212;Aphanius danfordii;Danford’s killifish;Cyprinodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4834;Aphanius;fasciatus;212;Aphanius fasciatus;Mediterranean banded killifish;Cyprinodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4876;Aphanius;iberus;212;Aphanius iberus;Spanish toothcarp;Cyprinodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49469;Aphanius;sophiae;212;Aphanius sophiae;;Cyprinodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=646;Aphanopus;carbo;415;Aphanopus carbo;Black scabbardfish;Trichiuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8540;Aphanopus;intermedius;415;Aphanopus intermedius;Intermediate scabbardfish;Trichiuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=83;Aphareus;rutilans;323;Aphareus rutilans;Rusty jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=39;Aphia;minuta;405;Aphia minuta;Transparent goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3064;Aphredoderus;sayanus;177;Aphredoderus sayanus;Pirate perch;Aphredoderidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1693;Apogon;imberbis;304;Apogon imberbis;Cardinal fish;Apogonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=84;Aprion;virescens;323;Aprion virescens;Green jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=85;Apsilus;dentatus;323;Apsilus dentatus;Black snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54808;Arabibarbus;grypus;122;Arabibarbus grypus;Shabout;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2076;Arapaima;gigas;628;Arapaima gigas;Arapaima;Arapaimidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=441;Archosargus;probatocephalus;330;Archosargus probatocephalus;Sheepshead;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1219;Archosargus;rhomboidalis;330;Archosargus rhomboidalis;Western Atlantic seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2699;Argentina;sialis;83;Argentina sialis;North-Pacific argentine;Argentinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2700;Argentina;silus;83;Argentina silus;Greater argentine;Argentinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=20;Argentina;sphyraena;83;Argentina sphyraena;Argentine;Argentinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=40;Argyropelecus;affinis;89;Argyropelecus affinis;Pacific hatchet fish;Sternoptychidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4541;Argyrops;filamentosus;330;Argyrops filamentosus;Soldierbream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=442;Argyrops;spinifer;330;Argyrops spinifer;King soldier bream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17270;Argyrosomus;inodorus;331;Argyrosomus inodorus;Mild meagre;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11979;Argyrosomus;japonicus;331;Argyrosomus japonicus;Japanese meagre;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=418;Argyrosomus;regius;331;Argyrosomus regius;Meagre;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=443;Argyrozona;argyrozona;330;Argyrozona argyrozona;Carpenter seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1300;Ariomma;indicum;423;Ariomma indicum;Indian driftfish;Ariommatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13471;Ariopsis;guatemalensis;145;Ariopsis guatemalensis;Blue sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11577;Aristostomias;scintillans;91;Aristostomias scintillans;Shiny loosejaw;Stomiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4929;Arius;latiscutatus;145;Arius latiscutatus;Rough-head sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1280;Arius;maculatus;145;Arius maculatus;Spotted catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=41;Arnoglossus;laterna;439;Arnoglossus laterna;Mediterranean scaldfish;Bothidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=43;Arnoglossus;thori;439;Arnoglossus thori;Thor's scaldfish;Bothidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=16809;Arrhamphus;sclerolepis+krefftii;475;Arrhamphus sclerolepis krefftii;Snubhose garfish;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=392;Arripis;georgianus;321;Arripis georgianus;Australian herring;Arripidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5048;Arripis;trutta;321;Arripis trutta;Australian salmon;Arripidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14606;Arripis;truttacea;321;Arripis truttacea;Western Australian salmon;Arripidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23953;Artediellus;camchaticus;277;Artediellus camchaticus;;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4157;Aspidophoroides;monopterygius;283;Aspidophoroides monopterygius;Alligatorfish;Agonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7519;Aspredinichthys;filamentosus;148;Aspredinichthys filamentosus;Sevenbarbed banjo;Aspredinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7521;Aspredo;aspredo;148;Aspredo aspredo;Banjo;Aspredinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=58108;Astyanax;altiparanae;102;Astyanax altiparanae;;Characidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=518;Atheresthes;evermanni;440;Atheresthes evermanni;Kamchatka flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=517;Atheresthes;stomias;440;Atheresthes stomias;Arrow-tooth flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1696;Atherina;boyeri;218;Atherina boyeri;Big-scale sand smelt;Atherinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=45;Atherina;presbyter;218;Atherina presbyter;Sand smelt;Atherinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7526;Atherinella;brasiliensis;623;Atherinella brasiliensis;Brazilian silversides;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=420;Atractoscion;aequidens;331;Atractoscion aequidens;Geelbeck croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3578;Atractoscion;nobilis;331;Atractoscion nobilis;White weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=941;Atrobucca;nibe;331;Atrobucca nibe;Blackmouth croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1929;Atropus;atropos;314;Atropus atropos;Cleftbelly trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1893;Atule;mate;314;Atule mate;Yellowtail scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52120;Auchenipterus;nuchalis;147;Auchenipterus nuchalis;;Auchenipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2438;Auchenoglanis;occidentalis;668;Auchenoglanis occidentalis;Bubu;Claroteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3270;Aulorhynchus;flavidus;572;Aulorhynchus flavidus;Tube-snout;Aulorhynchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=527;Austroglossus;microlepis;441;Austroglossus microlepis;West coast sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=528;Austroglossus;pectoralis;441;Austroglossus pectoralis;Mud sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49540;Austrolebias;viarius;601;Austrolebias viarius;;Rivulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=93;Auxis;rochei;416;Auxis rochei;Bullet tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=94;Auxis;thazard;416;Auxis thazard;Frigate tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=958;Bagre;bagre;145;Bagre bagre;Coco sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5462;Bagrus;bajad;130;Bagrus bajad;Bayad;Bagridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6519;Bagrus;docmak;130;Bagrus docmak;Semutundu;Bagridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4721;Bagrus;meridionalis;130;Bagrus meridionalis;Kampoyo;Bagridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1165;Bairdiella;chrysoura;331;Bairdiella chrysoura;Silver perch;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5200;Bajacalifornia;burragei;86;Bajacalifornia burragei;Sharpchin slickhead;Alepocephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7327;Balistes;capriscus;445;Balistes capriscus;Grey triggerfish;Balistidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4276;Balistes;polylepis;445;Balistes polylepis;Finescale triggerfish;Balistidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4931;Balistes;punctatus;445;Balistes punctatus;Bluespotted triggerfish;Balistidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=19;Balistes;vetula;445;Balistes vetula;Queen triggerfish;Balistidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6374;Ballerus;ballerus;122;Ballerus ballerus;Zope;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23045;Ballerus;sapa;122;Ballerus sapa;White-eye bream;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6377;Barbatula;barbatula;692;Barbatula barbatula;Stone loach;Nemacheilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12138;Barbodes;carnaticus;122;Barbodes carnaticus;Carnatic carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17364;Barbonymus;collingwoodii;122;Barbonymus collingwoodii;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4472;Barbus;barbus;122;Barbus barbus;Barbel;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25847;Barbus;cyclolepis;122;Barbus cyclolepis;Round-scaled barbell;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9591;Barbus;haasi;122;Barbus haasi;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5424;Barbus;meridionalis;122;Barbus meridionalis;Mediterranean barbel;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25852;Barbus;peloponnesius;122;Barbus peloponnesius;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11568;Bathophilus;flemingi;91;Bathophilus flemingi;Highfin dragonfish;Stomiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4161;Bathyagonus;nigripinnis;283;Bathyagonus nigripinnis;Blackfin poacher;Agonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3837;Bathygobius;soporator;405;Bathygobius soporator;Frillfin goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22679;Bathylagus;pacificus;84;Bathylagus pacificus;Slender blacksmelt;Bathylagidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9133;Bathypterois;dubius;560;Bathypterois dubius;Mediterranean spiderfish;Ipnopidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2559;Bathyraja;interrupta;685;Bathyraja interrupta;Sandpaper skate;Arhynchobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22565;Bathyraja;lindbergi;685;Bathyraja lindbergi;Commander skate;Arhynchobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54021;Bathyraja;maculata;685;Bathyraja maculata;White-blotched skate;Arhynchobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22564;Bathyraja;minispinosa;685;Bathyraja minispinosa;Whitebrow skate;Arhynchobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2564;Bathyraja;parmifera;685;Bathyraja parmifera;Alaska skate;Arhynchobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54038;Bathyraja;taranetzi;685;Bathyraja taranetzi;Mud skate;Arhynchobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2571;Bathyraja;trachura;685;Bathyraja trachura;Roughtail skate;Arhynchobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8840;Bathysolea;profundicola;441;Bathysolea profundicola;Deepwater sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47978;Batrachocottus;baicalensis;278;Batrachocottus baicalensis;Bighead sculpin;Cottocomephoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47980;Batrachocottus;multiradiatus;278;Batrachocottus multiradiatus;;Cottocomephoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14179;Bellator;gymnostethus;266;Bellator gymnostethus;Naked-belly searobin;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47;Belone;belone;207;Belone belone;Garfish;Belonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=67051;Belone;euxini;207;Belone euxini;;Belonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25299;Benthalbella;linguidens;174;Benthalbella linguidens;Longfin pearleye;Scopelarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7423;Benthosema;fibulatum;167;Benthosema fibulatum;Spinycheek lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=21;Benthosema;glaciale;167;Benthosema glaciale;Glacier lantern fish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10238;Benthosema;pterotum;167;Benthosema pterotum;Skinnycheek lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6589;Benthosema;suborbitale;167;Benthosema suborbitale;Smallfin lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1319;Beryx;decadactylus;240;Beryx decadactylus;Alfonsino;Berycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1320;Beryx;splendens;240;Beryx splendens;Splendid alfonsino;Berycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4054;Blepsias;cirrhosus;585;Blepsias cirrhosus;Silverspotted sculpin;Hemitripteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4471;Blicca;bjoerkna;122;Blicca bjoerkna;White bream;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52463;Bodianus;frenchii;362;Bodianus frenchii;Foxfish;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5537;Bolbometopon;muricatum;364;Bolbometopon muricatum;Green humphead parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15864;Boleophthalmus;pectinirostris;405;Boleophthalmus pectinirostris;Great blue spotted mudskipper;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=203;Boops;boops;330;Boops boops;Bogue;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=319;Boreogadus;saida;183;Boreogadus saida;Polar cod;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5161;Borostomias;panamensis;91;Borostomias panamensis;Panama snaggletooth;Stomiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10320;Bostockia;porosa;288;Bostockia porosa;Nightfish;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=207;Bothus;podas;439;Bothus podas;Wide-eyed flounder;Bothidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6008;Boulengerochromis;microlepis;349;Boulengerochromis microlepis;Giant cichlid;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=59309;Bovichtus;diacanthus;381;Bovichtus diacanthus;;Bovichtidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8312;Brachirus;orientalis;441;Brachirus orientalis;Oriental sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=400;Brachydeuterus;auritus;327;Brachydeuterus auritus;Bigeye grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2079;Brachymystax;lenok;76;Brachymystax lenok;Lenok;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8235;Brachypleura;novaezeelandiae;438;Brachypleura novaezeelandiae;Yellow-dabbled flounder;Citharidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=391;Brama;brama;319;Brama brama;Atlantic pomfret;Bramidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3555;Brama;japonica;319;Brama japonica;Pacific pomfret;Bramidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4594;Branchiostegus;argentatus;308;Branchiostegus argentatus;;Malacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4595;Branchiostegus;auratus;308;Branchiostegus auratus;;Malacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4593;Branchiostegus;japonicus;308;Branchiostegus japonicus;Horsehead tilefish;Malacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1589;Brevoortia;patronus;43;Brevoortia patronus;Gulf menhaden;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1592;Brevoortia;tyrannus;43;Brevoortia tyrannus;Atlantic menhaden;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51;Brosme;brosme;505;Brosme brosme;Cusk;Lotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=486;Brotula;barbata;186;Brotula barbata;Bearded brotula;Ophidiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8275;Brotula;clarkae;186;Brotula clarkae;Pacific bearded brotula;Ophidiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5238;Brycinus;imberi;518;Brycinus imberi;Spot-tail;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11874;Brycinus;lateralis;518;Brycinus lateralis;Stripped robber;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5231;Brycinus;leuciscus;518;Brycinus leuciscus;;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5240;Brycinus;macrolepidotus;518;Brycinus macrolepidotus;True big-scale tetra;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5235;Brycinus;nurse;518;Brycinus nurse;Nurse tetra;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4648;Brycinus;sadleri;518;Brycinus sadleri;Sadler's robber;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52992;Brycon;amazonicus;687;Brycon amazonicus;;Bryconidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25516;Brycon;cephalus;687;Brycon cephalus;;Bryconidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8699;Brycon;guatemalensis;687;Brycon guatemalensis;Machaca;Bryconidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=53;Buglossidium;luteum;441;Buglossidium luteum;Solenette;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12152;Bunocephalus;coracoideus;148;Bunocephalus coracoideus;Guitarrita;Aspredinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1225;Calamus;leucosteus;330;Calamus leucosteus;Whitebone porgy;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1226;Calamus;nodosus;330;Calamus nodosus;Knobbed porgy;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1227;Calamus;penna;330;Calamus penna;Sheepshead porgy;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1229;Calamus;proridens;330;Calamus proridens;Littlehead porgy;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4697;Callionymus;belcheri;435;Callionymus belcheri;Belcher’s dragonet;Callionymidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23;Callionymus;lyra;435;Callionymus lyra;Dragonet;Callionymidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=167;Callorhinchus;capensis;24;Callorhinchus capensis;Cape elephantfish;Callorhinchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4722;Callorhinchus;milii;24;Callorhinchus milii;Ghost shark;Callorhinchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12115;Calophysus;macropterus;150;Calophysus macropterus;Zamurito;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4356;Calotomus;japonicus;364;Calotomus japonicus;Japanese parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4357;Calotomus;spinidens;364;Calotomus spinidens;Spinytooth parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2743;Campostoma;anomalum;122;Campostoma anomalum;Central stoneroller;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63098;Capoeta;angorae;122;Capoeta angorae;Ankara barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9631;Capoeta;antalyensis;122;Capoeta antalyensis;Antalya barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=62914;Capoeta;banarescui;122;Capoeta banarescui;Banarescu’s barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13157;Capoeta;capoeta;122;Capoeta capoeta;Seven khramulya;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26487;Capoeta;damascina;122;Capoeta damascina;Mesopotamian barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=64790;Capoeta;erhani;122;Capoeta erhani;Ceyhan scraper;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55343;Capoeta;fusca;122;Capoeta fusca;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=64660;Capoeta;gracilis;122;Capoeta gracilis;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48163;Capoeta;tinca;122;Capoeta tinca;Anatolian khramulya;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54717;Capoeta;trutta;122;Capoeta trutta;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63654;Capoeta;umbla;122;Capoeta umbla;Tigris scraper;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54;Capros;aper;252;Capros aper;Boarfish;Caproidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46738;Caquetaia;kraussii;349;Caquetaia kraussii;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1916;Carangoides;armatus;314;Carangoides armatus;Longfin trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1923;Carangoides;bajad;314;Carangoides bajad;Orangespotted trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4441;Carangoides;chrysophrys;314;Carangoides chrysophrys;Longnose trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1920;Carangoides;equula;314;Carangoides equula;Whitefin trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1921;Carangoides;ferdau;314;Carangoides ferdau;Blue trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4443;Carangoides;malabaricus;314;Carangoides malabaricus;Malabar trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1896;Caranx;bucculentus;314;Caranx bucculentus;Bluespotted trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1900;Caranx;caballus;314;Caranx caballus;Green jack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1901;Caranx;caninus;314;Caranx caninus;Pacific crevalle jack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1933;Caranx;crysos;314;Caranx crysos;Blue runner;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=71;Caranx;hippos;314;Caranx hippos;Crevalle jack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1895;Caranx;ignobilis;314;Caranx ignobilis;Giant trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1936;Caranx;lugubris;314;Caranx lugubris;Black jack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1906;Caranx;melampygus;314;Caranx melampygus;Bluefin trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1899;Caranx;rhonchus;314;Caranx rhonchus;False scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1918;Caranx;ruber;314;Caranx ruber;Bar jack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1917;Caranx;sexfasciatus;314;Caranx sexfasciatus;Bigeye trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1928;Caranx;tille;314;Caranx tille;Tille trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54718;Carasobarbus;luteus;122;Carasobarbus luteus;Yellow barbell;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=271;Carassius;auratus;122;Carassius auratus;Goldfish;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=270;Carassius;carassius;122;Carassius carassius;Crucian carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6376;Carassius;gibelio;122;Carassius gibelio;Prussian carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=857;Carcharhinus;acronotus;11;Carcharhinus acronotus;Blacknose shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=861;Carcharhinus;amblyrhynchos;11;Carcharhinus amblyrhynchos;Blacktail reef shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=864;Carcharhinus;brachyurus;11;Carcharhinus brachyurus;Copper shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=865;Carcharhinus;brevipinna;11;Carcharhinus brevipinna;Spinner shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=868;Carcharhinus;falciformis;11;Carcharhinus falciformis;Silky shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=870;Carcharhinus;galapagensis;11;Carcharhinus galapagensis;Galapagos shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=872;Carcharhinus;isodon;11;Carcharhinus isodon;Finetooth shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=873;Carcharhinus;leucas;11;Carcharhinus leucas;Bull shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=874;Carcharhinus;limbatus;11;Carcharhinus limbatus;Blacktip shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=875;Carcharhinus;longimanus;11;Carcharhinus longimanus;Oceanic whitetip shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=878;Carcharhinus;obscurus;11;Carcharhinus obscurus;Dusky shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=880;Carcharhinus;plumbeus;11;Carcharhinus plumbeus;Sandbar shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=881;Carcharhinus;porosus;11;Carcharhinus porosus;Smalltail shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=883;Carcharhinus;signatus;11;Carcharhinus signatus;Night shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=884;Carcharhinus;sorrah;11;Carcharhinus sorrah;Spot-tail shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15721;Carcharhinus;tilstoni;11;Carcharhinus tilstoni;Australian blacktip shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=747;Carcharias;taurus;8;Carcharias taurus;Sand tiger shark;Odontaspididae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=751;Carcharodon;carcharias;9;Carcharodon carcharias;Great white shark;Lamnidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24141;Careproctus;colletti;615;Careproctus colletti;Alaska snailfish;Liparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4179;Careproctus;melanurus;615;Careproctus melanurus;Blacktail snailfish;Liparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51484;Careproctus;zachirus;615;Careproctus zachirus;;Liparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4928;Carlarius;heudelotii;145;Carlarius heudelotii;Smoothmouth sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4946;Carlarius;parkii;145;Carlarius parkii;Guinean sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8718;Caspiomyzon;wagneri;1;Caspiomyzon wagneri;Caspian lamprey;Petromyzontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8177;Cataetyx;alleni;472;Cataetyx alleni;;Bythitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2965;Catostomus;commersonii;125;Catostomus commersonii;White sucker;Catostomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2966;Catostomus;discobolus;125;Catostomus discobolus;Bluehead sucker;Catostomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2970;Catostomus;latipinnis;125;Catostomus latipinnis;Flannelmouth sucker;Catostomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2975;Catostomus;platyrhynchus;125;Catostomus platyrhynchus;Mountain sucker;Catostomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8276;Caulolatilus;affinis;308;Caulolatilus affinis;Bighead tilefish;Malacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=987;Caulolatilus;microps;308;Caulolatilus microps;Grey tilefish;Malacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1704;Centracanthus;cirrus;330;Centracanthus cirrus;Curled picarel;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14129;Centroberyx;affinis;240;Centroberyx affinis;Redfish;Berycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55;Centrolabrus;exoletus;362;Centrolabrus exoletus;Rock cook;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=653;Centrophorus;squamosus;558;Centrophorus squamosus;Leafscale gulper shark;Centrophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10975;Centropomus;armatus;287;Centropomus armatus;Armed snook;Centropomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=345;Centropomus;undecimalis;287;Centropomus undecimalis;Common snook;Centropomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=361;Centropristis;striata;289;Centropristis striata;Black seabass;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=662;Centroscymnus;coelolepis;658;Centroscymnus coelolepis;Portuguese dogfish;Somniosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6444;Cephalopholis;boenak;289;Cephalopholis boenak;Chocolate hind;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12;Cephalopholis;cruentata;289;Cephalopholis cruentata;Graysby;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8816;Cephalopholis;fulva;289;Cephalopholis fulva;Coney;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6447;Cephalopholis;hemistiktos;289;Cephalopholis hemistiktos;Yellowfin hind;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8761;Cephalopholis;panamensis;289;Cephalopholis panamensis;Pacific graysby;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6453;Cephalopholis;sexmaculata;289;Cephalopholis sexmaculata;Sixblotch hind;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6455;Cephalopholis;spiloparaea;289;Cephalopholis spiloparaea;Strawberry hind;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4936;Cephalopholis;taeniops;289;Cephalopholis taeniops;Bluespotted seabass;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6456;Cephalopholis;urodeta;289;Cephalopholis urodeta;Darkfin hind;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=56;Cepola;macrophthalma;358;Cepola macrophthalma;Red bandfish;Cepolidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=547;Cetengraulis;edentulus;454;Cetengraulis edentulus;Atlantic anchoveta;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=548;Cetengraulis;mysticetus;454;Cetengraulis mysticetus;Pacific anchoveta;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=90;Cetorhinus;maximus;491;Cetorhinus maximus;Basking shark;Cetorhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5538;Cetoscarus;bicolor;364;Cetoscarus bicolor;Bicolour parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9040;Cetostoma;regani;246;Cetostoma regani;Pink flabby whalefish;Cetomimidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=473;Chaenocephalus;aceratus;384;Chaenocephalus aceratus;Blackfin icefish;Channichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54794;Chaenogobius;annularis;405;Chaenogobius annularis;Forktongue goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1024;Chaetodipterus;faber;340;Chaetodipterus faber;Atlantic spadefish;Ephippidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5557;Chaetodon;auriga;343;Chaetodon auriga;Threadfin butterflyfish;Chaetodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5558;Chaetodon;baronessa;343;Chaetodon baronessa;Eastern triangular butterflyfish;Chaetodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5561;Chaetodon;citrinellus;343;Chaetodon citrinellus;Speckled butterflyfish;Chaetodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14300;Chaetodon;lunulatus;343;Chaetodon lunulatus;Oval butterflyfish;Chaetodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5136;Chaetodon;miliaris;343;Chaetodon miliaris;Millet butterflyfish;Chaetodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5576;Chaetodon;speculum;343;Chaetodon speculum;Mirror butterflyfish;Chaetodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5578;Chaetodon;trifascialis;343;Chaetodon trifascialis;Chevron butterflyfish;Chaetodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5579;Chaetodon;trifasciatus;343;Chaetodon trifasciatus;Melon butterflyfish;Chaetodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=474;Champsocephalus;gunnari;384;Champsocephalus gunnari;Mackerel icefish;Channichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4799;Channa;argus;431;Channa argus;Snakehead;Channidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=50504;Channa;gachua;431;Channa gachua;;Channidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5144;Channa;marulius;431;Channa marulius;Great snakehead;Channidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5147;Channa;punctata;431;Channa punctata;Spotted snakehead;Channidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=343;Channa;striata;431;Channa striata;Striped snakehead;Channidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=477;Channichthys;rhinoceratus;384;Channichthys rhinoceratus;Unicorn icefish;Channichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4635;Chanodichthys;erythropterus;122;Chanodichthys erythropterus;Predatory carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46706;Chanodichthys;mongolicus;122;Chanodichthys mongolicus;Mongolian redfin;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=56247;Chanodichthys;oxycephalus;122;Chanodichthys oxycephalus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=80;Chanos;chanos;98;Chanos chanos;Milkfish;Chanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2714;Chauliodus;macouni;91;Chauliodus macouni;Pacific viperfish;Stomiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5603;Cheilinus;trilobatus;362;Cheilinus trilobatus;Tripletail wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5604;Cheilinus;undulatus;362;Cheilinus undulatus;Humphead wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7509;Cheilopogon;atrisignis;206;Cheilopogon atrisignis;Glider flyingfish;Exocoetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7695;Cheilopogon;cyanopterus;206;Cheilopogon cyanopterus;Margined flyingfish;Exocoetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7696;Cheilopogon;nigricans;206;Cheilopogon nigricans;Blacksail flyingfish;Exocoetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3580;Cheilotrema;saturnum;331;Cheilotrema saturnum;Black croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=444;Cheimerius;nufar;330;Cheimerius nufar;Santer seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5504;Chelidonichthys;capensis;266;Chelidonichthys capensis;Cape gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=44;Chelidonichthys;cuculus;266;Chelidonichthys cuculus;Red gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=507;Chelidonichthys;kumu;266;Chelidonichthys kumu;Bluefin gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5081;Chelidonichthys;lastoviza;266;Chelidonichthys lastoviza;Streaked gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1366;Chelidonichthys;lucerna;266;Chelidonichthys lucerna;Tub gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7948;Chelidonichthys;queketti;266;Chelidonichthys queketti;Lesser gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2499;Chelon;labrosus;359;Chelon labrosus;Thicklip grey mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4816;Chelon;macrolepis;359;Chelon macrolepis;Largescale mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4668;Chelon;parsia;359;Chelon parsia;Goldspot mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4820;Chelon;planiceps;359;Chelon planiceps;Tade gray mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4819;Chelon;subviridis;359;Chelon subviridis;Greenback mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3107;Chilara;taylori;186;Chilara taylori;Spotted cusk-eel;Ophidiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5120;Chiloscyllium;plagiosum;492;Chiloscyllium plagiosum;Whitespotted bambooshark;Hemiscylliidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2503;Chimaera;monstrosa;25;Chimaera monstrosa;Rabbit fish;Chimaeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7109;Chionodraco;hamatus;384;Chionodraco hamatus;;Channichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7110;Chionodraco;myersi;384;Chionodraco myersi;Myers' icefish;Channichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=476;Chionodraco;rastrospinosus;384;Chionodraco rastrospinosus;Ocellated icefish;Channichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1452;Chirocentrus;nudus;45;Chirocentrus nudus;Whitefin wolf-herring;Chirocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48414;Chirostoma;attenuatum;623;Chirostoma attenuatum;Slender silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48356;Chirostoma;estor;623;Chirostoma estor;Pike silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48410;Chirostoma;grandocule;623;Chirostoma grandocule;Bigeye silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48419;Chirostoma;humboldtianum;623;Chirostoma humboldtianum;Shortfin silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48409;Chirostoma;patzcuaro;623;Chirostoma patzcuaro;Patzcuaro silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1808;Chlorophthalmus;agassizi;163;Chlorophthalmus agassizi;Shortnose greeneye;Chlorophthalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=385;Chloroscombrus;chrysurus;314;Chloroscombrus chrysurus;Atlantic bumper;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60479;Chlorurus;microrhinos;364;Chlorurus microrhinos;Steephead parrots;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5556;Chlorurus;sordidus;364;Chlorurus sordidus;Daisy parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=66478;Chlorurus;spilurus;364;Chlorurus spilurus;;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6433;Choerodon;schoenleinii;362;Choerodon schoenleinii;Blackspot tuskfish;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3061;Chologaster;cornuta;178;Chologaster cornuta;Swampfish;Amblyopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25869;Chondrostoma;holmwoodii;122;Chondrostoma holmwoodii;Izmir nase;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4878;Chondrostoma;nasus;122;Chondrostoma nasus;Common nase;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51797;Chondrostoma;regium;122;Chondrostoma regium;Brond-snout;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3151;Chriodorus;atherinoides;475;Chriodorus atherinoides;Hardhead halfbeak;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1706;Chromis;chromis;350;Chromis chromis;Damselfish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6656;Chromis;chrysura;350;Chromis chrysura;Stout chromis;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5677;Chromis;ternatensis;350;Chromis ternatensis;Ternate chromis;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5679;Chromis;viridis;350;Chromis viridis;Blue green damselfish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2927;Chrosomus;eos;122;Chrosomus eos;Northern redbelly dace;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2443;Chrysichthys;auratus;668;Chrysichthys auratus;;Claroteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2440;Chrysichthys;nigrodigitatus;668;Chrysichthys nigrodigitatus;Bagrid catfish;Claroteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2445;Chrysichthys;walkeri;668;Chrysichthys walkeri;;Claroteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5693;Chrysiptera;biocellata;350;Chrysiptera biocellata;Twinspot damselfish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5696;Chrysiptera;glauca;350;Chrysiptera glauca;Grey demoiselle;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6002;Chrysoblephus;cristiceps;330;Chrysoblephus cristiceps;Daggerhead seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5529;Chrysoblephus;laticeps;330;Chrysoblephus laticeps;Roman seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5530;Chrysoblephus;puniceus;330;Chrysoblephus puniceus;Slinger seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46777;Cichla;intermedia;349;Cichla intermedia;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13270;Cichla;monoculus;349;Cichla monoculus;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46779;Cichla;orinocensis;349;Cichla orinocensis;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6461;Cichla;temensis;349;Cichla temensis;Speckled pavon;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4494;Cirrhinus;cirrhosus;122;Cirrhinus cirrhosus;Mrigal carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49051;Cirrhinus;molitorella;122;Cirrhinus molitorella;Mud carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4215;Citharichthys;sordidus;514;Citharichthys sordidus;Pacific sanddab;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4216;Citharichthys;spilopterus;514;Citharichthys spilopterus;Bay whiff;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5269;Citharinus;citharus;116;Citharinus citharus;Moon fish;Citharinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4943;Citharus;linguatula;438;Citharus linguatula;Spotted flounder;Citharidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2098;Clarias;agboyiensis;139;Clarias agboyiensis;;Clariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3054;Clarias;batrachus;139;Clarias batrachus;Philippine catfish;Clariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1934;Clarias;gariepinus;139;Clarias gariepinus;North African catfish;Clariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2089;Clarias;ngamensis;139;Clarias ngamensis;Blunt-toothed African catfish;Clariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8560;Cleisthenes;herzensteini;440;Cleisthenes herzensteini;;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8838;Clidoderma;asperrimum;440;Clidoderma asperrimum;Roughscale sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4057;Clinocottus;analis;277;Clinocottus analis;Woolly sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4059;Clinocottus;globiceps;277;Clinocottus globiceps;Mosshead sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2746;Clinostomus;elongatus;122;Clinostomus elongatus;Redside dace;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1608;Clupanodon;thrissa;43;Clupanodon thrissa;Chinese gizzard shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24;Clupea;harengus;43;Clupea harengus;Atlantic herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1520;Clupea;pallasii+pallasii;43;Clupea pallasii pallasii;Pacific herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47570;Clupea;pallasii+suworowi;43;Clupea pallasii suworowi;Chosa herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1470;Clupeonella;cultriventris;43;Clupeonella cultriventris;Black and Caspian Sea sprat;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1471;Clupeonella;engrauliformis;43;Clupeonella engrauliformis;Anchovy sprat;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1472;Clupeonella;grimmi;43;Clupeonella grimmi;Southern Caspian sprat;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12092;Cnidoglanis;macrocephalus;149;Cnidoglanis macrocephalus;Estuary cobbler;Plotosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9957;Cobitis;calderoni;127;Cobitis calderoni;;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65311;Cobitis;narentana;127;Cobitis narentana;;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9960;Cobitis;paludica;127;Cobitis paludica;;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=56128;Cobitis;simplicispina;127;Cobitis simplicispina;Sakarya spined loach;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6378;Cobitis;taenia;127;Cobitis taenia;Spined loach;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55331;Cobitis;turcica;127;Cobitis turcica;Turkish spined loach;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1726;Coelorinchus;caelorhincus;185;Coelorinchus caelorhincus;Hollowsnout grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8456;Coelorinchus;labiatus;185;Coelorinchus labiatus;Spearsnouted grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=59766;Coelorinchus;mediterraneus;185;Coelorinchus mediterraneus;;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=625;Coilia;dussumieri;454;Coilia dussumieri;Goldspotted grenadier anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=629;Coilia;mystus;454;Coilia mystus;Osbeck's grenadier anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=630;Coilia;nasus;454;Coilia nasus;Japanese grenadier anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=632;Coilia;ramcarati;454;Coilia ramcarati;Ramcarat grenadier anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=634;Coilia;reynaldi;454;Coilia reynaldi;Reynald's grenadier anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12955;Colistium;guntheri;440;Colistium guntheri;;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12958;Colistium;nudipinnis;440;Colistium nudipinnis;;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=303;Cololabis;saira;208;Cololabis saira;Pacific saury;Scomberesocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=263;Colossoma;macropomum;686;Colossoma macropomum;Cachama;Serrasalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26382;Comephorus;baikalensis;279;Comephorus baikalensis;Big Baikal oilfish;Comephoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26384;Comephorus;dybowskii;279;Comephorus dybowskii;Little Baikal oilfish;Comephoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=301;Conger;conger;62;Conger conger;European conger;Congridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=299;Conger;orbignianus;62;Conger orbignianus;Argentine conger;Congridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=401;Conodon;nobilis;327;Conodon nobilis;Barred grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4711;Contusus;richei;448;Contusus richei;Prickly toadfish;Tetraodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2285;Copadichromis;likomae;349;Copadichromis likomae;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2295;Copadichromis;mloto;349;Copadichromis mloto;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2284;Copadichromis;pleurostigmoides;349;Copadichromis pleurostigmoides;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2286;Copadichromis;quadrimaculatus;349;Copadichromis quadrimaculatus;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2296;Copadichromis;virginalis;349;Copadichromis virginalis;Lake Malawi utaka;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2488;Coptodon;guineensis;349;Coptodon guineensis;Guinean tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1397;Coptodon;rendalli;349;Coptodon rendalli;Redbreast tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1390;Coptodon;zillii;349;Coptodon zillii;Redbelly tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=231;Coregonus;albula;76;Coregonus albula;Vendace;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60806;Coregonus;alpenae;76;Coregonus alpenae;Longjaw cisco;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=235;Coregonus;artedi;76;Coregonus artedi;Cisco;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2669;Coregonus;autumnalis;76;Coregonus autumnalis;Arctic cisco;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12549;Coregonus;chadary;76;Coregonus chadary;Khadary-whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=234;Coregonus;clupeaformis;76;Coregonus clupeaformis;Lake whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2670;Coregonus;hoyi;76;Coregonus hoyi;Bloater;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2672;Coregonus;kiyi;76;Coregonus kiyi;Kiyi;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=232;Coregonus;lavaretus;76;Coregonus lavaretus;European whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=28065;Coregonus;macrophthalmus;76;Coregonus macrophthalmus;Gangfisch;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48236;Coregonus;maraena;76;Coregonus maraena;Maraena whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4788;Coregonus;migratorius;76;Coregonus migratorius;;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12547;Coregonus;muksun;76;Coregonus muksun;Muksun;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2674;Coregonus;nasus;76;Coregonus nasus;Broad whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2675;Coregonus;nigripinnis;76;Coregonus nigripinnis;Blackfin cisco;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=233;Coregonus;oxyrinchus;76;Coregonus oxyrinchus;Houting;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4687;Coregonus;peled;76;Coregonus peled;Peled;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2676;Coregonus;pidschian;76;Coregonus pidschian;Humpback whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4646;Coregonus;pollan;76;Coregonus pollan;Irish pollan;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2678;Coregonus;sardinella;76;Coregonus sardinella;Sardine cisco;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12540;Coregonus;tugun+tugun;76;Coregonus tugun tugun;Tugun;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12548;Coregonus;ussuriensis;76;Coregonus ussuriensis;Amur whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49212;Coregonus;wartmanni;76;Coregonus wartmanni;Blaufelchen;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48137;Coregonus;widegreni;76;Coregonus widegreni;Valaam whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6191;Coreobagrus;ichikawai;130;Coreobagrus ichikawai;Neko-gigi;Bagridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25769;Coris;auricularis;362;Coris auricularis;Western king wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=58;Coris;julis;362;Coris julis;Mediterranean rainbow wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7;Coryphaena;equiselis;315;Coryphaena equiselis;Pompano dolphinfish;Coryphaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6;Coryphaena;hippurus;315;Coryphaena hippurus;Common dolphinfish;Coryphaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8467;Coryphaenoides;acrolepis;185;Coryphaenoides acrolepis;Pacific grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8473;Coryphaenoides;cinereus;185;Coryphaenoides cinereus;Popeye grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8176;Coryphaenoides;guentheri;185;Coryphaenoides guentheri;Günther's grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8175;Coryphaenoides;mediterraneus;185;Coryphaenoides mediterraneus;Mediterranean grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=332;Coryphaenoides;rupestris;185;Coryphaenoides rupestris;Roundnose grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4495;Cottocomephorus;grewingkii;278;Cottocomephorus grewingkii;Baikal yellowfin;Cottocomephoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4063;Cottus;asperrimus;277;Cottus asperrimus;Rough sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4066;Cottus;beldingii;277;Cottus beldingii;Paiute sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4068;Cottus;cognatus;277;Cottus cognatus;Slimy sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2439;Cottus;gobio;277;Cottus gobio;Bullhead;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4075;Cottus;klamathensis;277;Cottus klamathensis;Marbled sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4079;Cottus;pitensis;277;Cottus pitensis;Pit sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2748;Couesius;plumbeus;122;Couesius plumbeus;Lake chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6457;Cromileptes;altivelis;289;Cromileptes altivelis;Humpback grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60;Crystallogobius;linearis;405;Crystallogobius linearis;Crystal goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1262;Ctenochaetus;striatus;412;Ctenochaetus striatus;Striated surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6015;Ctenochaetus;strigosus;412;Ctenochaetus strigosus;Spotted surgeonfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=61;Ctenolabrus;rupestris;362;Ctenolabrus rupestris;Goldsinny-wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=79;Ctenopharyngodon;idella;122;Ctenopharyngodon idella;Grass carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2213;Ctenopharynx;intermedius;349;Ctenopharynx intermedius;Blackspot climbing perch;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1168;Ctenosciaena;gracilicirrhus;331;Ctenosciaena gracilicirrhus;Barbel drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8397;Cubiceps;caeruleus;422;Cubiceps caeruleus;Blue fathead;Nomeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5049;Cubiceps;pauciradiatus;422;Cubiceps pauciradiatus;Bigeye cigarfish;Nomeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46708;Culter;alburnus;122;Culter alburnus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2985;Cycleptus;elongatus;125;Cycleptus elongatus;Blue sucker;Catostomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=56566;Cycleptus;meridionalis;125;Cycleptus meridionalis;southeastern blue sucker;Catostomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10313;Cyclocheilichthys;apogon;122;Cyclocheilichthys apogon;Beardless barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=979;Cyclopsetta;chittendeni;514;Cyclopsetta chittendeni;Mexican flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13954;Cyclopsetta;querna;514;Cyclopsetta querna;Toothed flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=62;Cyclopterus;lumpus;284;Cyclopterus lumpus;Lumpfish;Cyclopteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5116;Cyclothone;acclinidens;88;Cyclothone acclinidens;Benttooth bristlemouth;Gonostomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9108;Cyema;atrum;53;Cyema atrum;Bobtail eel;Cyematidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5531;Cymatoceps;nasutus;330;Cymatoceps nasutus;Black musselcracker;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10522;Cynoglossus;abbreviatus;442;Cynoglossus abbreviatus;Three-lined tongue sole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7523;Cynoglossus;arel;442;Cynoglossus arel;Largescale tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4948;Cynoglossus;canariensis;442;Cynoglossus canariensis;Canary tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8958;Cynoglossus;joyneri;442;Cynoglossus joyneri;Red tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5489;Cynoglossus;lida;442;Cynoglossus lida;Roughscale tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6083;Cynoglossus;macrostomus;442;Cynoglossus macrostomus;Malabar tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4807;Cynoglossus;puncticeps;442;Cynoglossus puncticeps;Speckled tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13073;Cynoglossus;robustus;442;Cynoglossus robustus;;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17161;Cynoglossus;semifasciatus;442;Cynoglossus semifasciatus;Bengal tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4951;Cynoglossus;senegalensis;442;Cynoglossus senegalensis;Senegalese tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49707;Cynopoecilus;melanotaenia;601;Cynopoecilus melanotaenia;;Rivulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1169;Cynoscion;acoupa;331;Cynoscion acoupa;Acoupa weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14024;Cynoscion;albus;331;Cynoscion albus;Whitefin weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=403;Cynoscion;analis;331;Cynoscion analis;Peruvian weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1170;Cynoscion;arenarius;331;Cynoscion arenarius;Sand weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52918;Cynoscion;guatucupa;331;Cynoscion guatucupa;Stripped weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1171;Cynoscion;jamaicensis;331;Cynoscion jamaicensis;Jamaica weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1173;Cynoscion;leiarchus;331;Cynoscion leiarchus;Smooth weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1174;Cynoscion;microlepidotus;331;Cynoscion microlepidotus;Smallscale weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=405;Cynoscion;nebulosus;331;Cynoscion nebulosus;Spotted weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1175;Cynoscion;nothus;331;Cynoscion nothus;Silver seatrout;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14026;Cynoscion;othonopterus;331;Cynoscion othonopterus;Gulf weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=406;Cynoscion;regalis;331;Cynoscion regalis;Squeteague;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11002;Cynoscion;stolzmanni;331;Cynoscion stolzmanni;Stolzmann's weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3582;Cynoscion;xanthulus;331;Cynoscion xanthulus;Orangemouth weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48997;Cyphocharax;magdalenae;111;Cyphocharax magdalenae;;Curimatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48064;Cyphocottus;megalops;584;Cyphocottus megalops;;Abyssocottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5407;Cyphomyrus;discorhynchus;40;Cyphomyrus discorhynchus;Zambesi parrotfish;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1450;Cyprinus;carpio;122;Cyprinus carpio;Common carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5159;Cypselurus;opisthopus;206;Cypselurus opisthopus;Black-finned flyingfish;Exocoetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4485;Dactyloptena;orientalis;285;Dactyloptena orientalis;Oriental flying gurnard;Dactylopteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=669;Dalatias;licha;557;Dalatias licha;Kitefin shark;Dalatiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4653;Danio;rerio;122;Danio rerio;Zebra danio;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7816;Dascyllus;albisella;350;Dascyllus albisella;Hawaiian dascyllus;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5110;Dascyllus;aruanus;350;Dascyllus aruanus;Whitetail dascyllus;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5113;Dascyllus;reticulatus;350;Dascyllus reticulatus;Reticulate dascyllus;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25629;Dasyatis;chrysonota;20;Dasyatis chrysonota;Blue stingray;Dasyatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2060;Dasyatis;pastinaca;20;Dasyatis pastinaca;Common stingray;Dasyatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4085;Dasycottus;setiger;282;Dasycottus setiger;Spinyhead sculpin;Psychrolutidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=670;Deania;calcea;558;Deania calcea;Birdbeak dogfish;Centrophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1940;Decapterus;kurroides;314;Decapterus kurroides;Redtail scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=993;Decapterus;macarellus;314;Decapterus macarellus;Mackerel scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1938;Decapterus;macrosoma;314;Decapterus macrosoma;Shortfin scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1939;Decapterus;maruadsi;314;Decapterus maruadsi;Japanese scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=994;Decapterus;punctatus;314;Decapterus punctatus;Round scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=374;Decapterus;russelli;314;Decapterus russelli;Indian scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=995;Decapterus;tabl;314;Decapterus tabl;Roughear scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=16282;Deltentosteus;quadrimaculatus;405;Deltentosteus quadrimaculatus;Four-spotted goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4560;Dendrophysa;russelii;331;Dendrophysa russelii;Goatee croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=440;Dentex;angolensis;330;Dentex angolensis;Angolan dentex;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4539;Dentex;canariensis;330;Dentex canariensis;Canary dentex;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4641;Dentex;congoensis;330;Dentex congoensis;Congo dentex;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=439;Dentex;dentex;330;Dentex dentex;Common dentex;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4536;Dentex;gibbosus;330;Dentex gibbosus;Pink dentex;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=438;Dentex;macrophthalmus;330;Dentex macrophthalmus;Large-eye dentex;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4538;Dentex;maroccanus;330;Dentex maroccanus;Morocco dentex;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4710;Dentex;tumifrons;330;Dentex tumifrons;Yellowback seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4465;Diagramma;pictum;327;Diagramma pictum;Painted sweetlips;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6590;Diaphus;dumerilii;167;Diaphus dumerilii;;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10268;Diaphus;watasei;167;Diaphus watasei;Watases lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10430;Diapterus;peruvianus;326;Diapterus peruvianus;Peruvian mojarra;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1048;Diapterus;rhombeus;326;Diapterus rhombeus;Caitipa mojarra;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63;Dicentrarchus;labrax;487;Dicentrarchus labrax;European seabass;Moronidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=394;Dicentrarchus;punctatus;487;Dicentrarchus punctatus;Spotted seabass;Moronidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5997;Dichistius;capensis;338;Dichistius capensis;Galjoen;Dichistiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=526;Dicologlossa;cuneata;441;Dicologlossa cuneata;Wedge sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4659;Diodon;holocanthus;449;Diodon holocanthus;Longspined porcupinefish;Diodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1203;Diplectrum;formosum;289;Diplectrum formosum;Sand perch;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1752;Diplodus;annularis;330;Diplodus annularis;Annular seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8062;Diplodus;bellottii;330;Diplodus bellottii;Senegal seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6004;Diplodus;capensis;330;Diplodus capensis;Cape white seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2497;Diplodus;cervinus;330;Diplodus cervinus;Zebra seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7932;Diplodus;hottentotus;330;Diplodus hottentotus;Zebra;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1749;Diplodus;puntazzo;330;Diplodus puntazzo;Sharpsnout seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8066;Diplodus;sargus+cadenati;330;Diplodus sargus cadenati;Moroccan white seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1753;Diplodus;sargus+sargus;330;Diplodus sargus sargus;White seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1754;Diplodus;vulgaris;330;Diplodus vulgaris;Common two-banded seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2058;Dipturus;batis;19;Dipturus batis;Blue skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13145;Dipturus;innominatus;19;Dipturus innominatus;New Zealand smooth skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2561;Dipturus;laevis;19;Dipturus laevis;Barndoor skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7616;Dipturus;oxyrinchus;19;Dipturus oxyrinchus;Longnosed skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7960;Dipturus;pullopunctatus;19;Dipturus pullopunctatus;Slime skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=50858;Dipturus;trachyderma;19;Dipturus trachyderma;Ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=27108;Discherodontus;ashmeadi;122;Discherodontus ashmeadi;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=467;Dissostichus;eleginoides;382;Dissostichus eleginoides;Patagonian toothfish;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7039;Dissostichus;mawsoni;382;Dissostichus mawsoni;Antarctic toothfish;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2406;Distichodus;rostratus;671;Distichodus rostratus;Grass-eater;Distichodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4599;Doederleinia;berycoides;512;Doederleinia berycoides;Blackthroat seaperch;Acropomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9121;Dolichopteryx;longipes;85;Dolichopteryx longipes;Brownsnout spookfish;Opisthoproctidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7069;Dolloidraco;longedorsalis;591;Dolloidraco longedorsalis;;Artedidraconidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3826;Dormitator;latifrons;404;Dormitator latifrons;Pacific fat sleeper;Eleotridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1604;Dorosoma;cepedianum;43;Dorosoma cepedianum;American gizzard shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=455;Drepane;africana;510;Drepane africana;African sicklefish;Drepaneidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=454;Drepane;punctata;510;Drepane punctata;Spotted sicklefish;Drepaneidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1453;Dussumieria;acuta;683;Dussumieria acuta;Rainbow sardine;Dussumieriidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1454;Dussumieria;elopsoides;683;Dussumieria elopsoides;Slender rainbow sardine;Dussumieriidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=412;Elagatis;bipinnulata;314;Elagatis bipinnulata;Rainbow runner;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6984;Electrona;antarctica;167;Electrona antarctica;;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6985;Electrona;carlsbergi;167;Electrona carlsbergi;Electron subantarctic;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1714;Electrona;risso;167;Electrona risso;Electric lantern fish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=466;Eleginops;maclovinus;595;Eleginops maclovinus;Patagonian blennie;Eleginopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=315;Eleginus;gracilis;183;Eleginus gracilis;Saffron cod;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15874;Eleotris;oxycephala;404;Eleotris oxycephala;;Eleotridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12068;Elopichthys;bambusa;122;Elopichthys bambusa;Yellowcheek;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5512;Elops;machnata;46;Elops machnata;Tenpounder;Elopidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=175;Elops;saurus;46;Elops saurus;Ladyfish;Elopidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=395;Emmelichthys;nitidus+nitidus;322;Emmelichthys nitidus nitidus;Cape bonnetmouth;Emmelichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1874;Enchelyopus;cimbrius;505;Enchelyopus cimbrius;Fourbeard rockling;Lotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=555;Encrasicholina;devisi;454;Encrasicholina devisi;Devis' anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=556;Encrasicholina;heteroloba;454;Encrasicholina heteroloba;Shorthead anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=558;Encrasicholina;punctifer;454;Encrasicholina punctifer;Buccaneer anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=559;Encrasicholina;purpurea;454;Encrasicholina purpurea;Nehu;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5138;Engraulicypris;sardella;122;Engraulicypris sardella;Lake Malawi sardine;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1659;Engraulis;anchoita;454;Engraulis anchoita;Argentine anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1660;Engraulis;australis;454;Engraulis australis;Australian anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=64907;Engraulis;capensis;454;Engraulis capensis;Southern African anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=66;Engraulis;encrasicolus;454;Engraulis encrasicolus;European anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1663;Engraulis;japonicus;454;Engraulis japonicus;Japanese anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1664;Engraulis;mordax;454;Engraulis mordax;Californian anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4;Engraulis;ringens;454;Engraulis ringens;Anchoveta;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11365;Enteromius;holotaenia;122;Enteromius holotaenia;Spotscale barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5313;Enteromius;liberiensis;122;Enteromius liberiensis;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7571;Enteromius;paludinosus;122;Enteromius paludinosus;Straightfin barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5307;Enteromius;pumilus;122;Enteromius pumilus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5417;Enteromius;trimaculatus;122;Enteromius trimaculatus;Threespot barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8842;Eopsetta;grigorjewi;440;Eopsetta grigorjewi;Shotted halibut;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4237;Eopsetta;jordani;440;Eopsetta jordani;Petrale sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54907;Epigonus;angustifrons;507;Epigonus angustifrons;;Epigonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54916;Epigonus;elegans;507;Epigonus elegans;;Epigonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2508;Epigonus;telescopus;507;Epigonus telescopus;Black cardinal fish;Epigonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15101;Epinephelides;armatus;289;Epinephelides armatus;Breaksea cod;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14;Epinephelus;adscensionis;289;Epinephelus adscensionis;Rock hind;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=426;Epinephelus;aeneus;289;Epinephelus aeneus;White grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5367;Epinephelus;areolatus;289;Epinephelus areolatus;Areolate grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9217;Epinephelus;caninus;289;Epinephelus caninus;Dogtooth grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5524;Epinephelus;chlorostigma;289;Epinephelus chlorostigma;Brownspotted grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9219;Epinephelus;cifuentesi;289;Epinephelus cifuentesi;Olive grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6465;Epinephelus;coioides;289;Epinephelus coioides;Orange-spotted grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9224;Epinephelus;costae;289;Epinephelus costae;Goldblotch grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5349;Epinephelus;cyanopodus;289;Epinephelus cyanopodus;Speckled blue grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7340;Epinephelus;diacanthus;289;Epinephelus diacanthus;Spinycheek grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1204;Epinephelus;drummondhayi;289;Epinephelus drummondhayi;Speckled hind;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5348;Epinephelus;fasciatus;289;Epinephelus fasciatus;Blacktip grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4460;Epinephelus;fuscoguttatus;289;Epinephelus fuscoguttatus;Brown-marbled grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15;Epinephelus;guttatus;289;Epinephelus guttatus;Red hind;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6660;Epinephelus;hexagonatus;289;Epinephelus hexagonatus;Starspotted grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=16;Epinephelus;itajara;289;Epinephelus itajara;Atlantic goliath grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8196;Epinephelus;labriformis;289;Epinephelus labriformis;Starry grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7350;Epinephelus;latifasciatus;289;Epinephelus latifasciatus;Striped grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5350;Epinephelus;maculatus;289;Epinephelus maculatus;Highfin grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6439;Epinephelus;malabaricus;289;Epinephelus malabaricus;Malabar grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6470;Epinephelus;marginatus;289;Epinephelus marginatus;Dusky grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4923;Epinephelus;merra;289;Epinephelus merra;Honeycomb grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17;Epinephelus;morio;289;Epinephelus morio;Red grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5353;Epinephelus;morrhua;289;Epinephelus morrhua;Comet grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7354;Epinephelus;multinotatus;289;Epinephelus multinotatus;White-blotched grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6472;Epinephelus;ongus;289;Epinephelus ongus;White-streaked grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7358;Epinephelus;polylepis;289;Epinephelus polylepis;Smallscaled grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6473;Epinephelus;polyphekadion;289;Epinephelus polyphekadion;Camouflage grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6001;Epinephelus;rivulatus;289;Epinephelus rivulatus;Halfmoon grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4825;Epinephelus;sexfasciatus;289;Epinephelus sexfasciatus;Sixbar grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=18;Epinephelus;striatus;289;Epinephelus striatus;Nassau grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4461;Epinephelus;tauvina;289;Epinephelus tauvina;Greasy grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5525;Epinephelus;tukula;289;Epinephelus tukula;Potato grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8714;Eptatretus;polytrema;2;Eptatretus polytrema;Fourteen-gill hagfish;Myxinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4450;Equulites;elongatus;318;Equulites elongatus;Slender ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=27024;Equulites;klunzingeri;318;Equulites klunzingeri;;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4453;Equulites;leuciscus;318;Equulites leuciscus;Whipfin ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4563;Equulites;lineolatus;318;Equulites lineolatus;Ornate ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2752;Ericymba;buccata;122;Ericymba buccata;Silverjaw minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4031;Erilepis;zonifer;270;Erilepis zonifer;Skilfish;Anoplopomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7693;Erythrocles;schlegelii;322;Erythrocles schlegelii;Japanese rubyfish;Emmelichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2709;Esox;americanus;74;Esox americanus;Redfin pickerel;Esocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=258;Esox;lucius;74;Esox lucius;Northern pike;Esocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2711;Esox;masquinongy;74;Esox masquinongy;Muskellunge;Esocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2712;Esox;niger;74;Esox niger;Chain pickerel;Esocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4638;Esox;reichertii;74;Esox reichertii;Amur pike;Esocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=87;Etelis;carbunculus;323;Etelis carbunculus;Deep-water red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1385;Etelis;coruscans;323;Etelis coruscans;Deepwater longtail red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1391;Etelis;oculatus;323;Etelis oculatus;Queen snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1392;Etelis;radiosus;323;Etelis radiosus;Pale snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3405;Etheostoma;caeruleum;306;Etheostoma caeruleum;Rainbow darter;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3421;Etheostoma;flabellare;306;Etheostoma flabellare;Fantail darter;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3432;Etheostoma;juliae;306;Etheostoma juliae;Yoke darter;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3445;Etheostoma;nigrum;306;Etheostoma nigrum;Johnny darter;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3462;Etheostoma;sagitta;306;Etheostoma sagitta;Arrow darter;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1594;Ethmalosa;fimbriata;43;Ethmalosa fimbriata;Bonga shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54017;Etmopterus;baxteri;638;Etmopterus baxteri;New Zealand lanternshark;Etmopteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4221;Etropus;crossotus;514;Etropus crossotus;Fringed flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=66828;Etrumeus;acuminatus;683;Etrumeus acuminatus;;Dussumieriidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=66829;Etrumeus;golanii;683;Etrumeus golanii;;Dussumieriidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60868;Etrumeus;micropus;683;Etrumeus micropus;;Dussumieriidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1455;Etrumeus;sadina;683;Etrumeus sadina;Red-eye round herring;Dussumieriidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1456;Etrumeus;whiteheadi;683;Etrumeus whiteheadi;Whitehead's round herring;Dussumieriidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4454;Eubleekeria;splendens;318;Eubleekeria splendens;Splendid ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1049;Eucinostomus;argenteus;326;Eucinostomus argenteus;Silver mojarra;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1050;Eucinostomus;gula;326;Eucinostomus gula;Jenny mojarra;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17348;Eudontomyzon;mariae;1;Eudontomyzon mariae;Ukrainian brook lamprey;Petromyzontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7533;Eugerres;brasilianus;326;Eugerres brasilianus;Brazilian mojarra;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1053;Eugerres;plumieri;326;Eugerres plumieri;Striped mojarra;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23469;Eumegistus;illustris;319;Eumegistus illustris;Brilliant pomfret;Bramidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=96;Euthynnus;affinis;416;Euthynnus affinis;Kawakawa;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=97;Euthynnus;alletteratus;416;Euthynnus alletteratus;Little tunny;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=68;Eutrigla;gurnardus;266;Eutrigla gurnardus;Grey gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60704;Evermannella;melanoderma;173;Evermannella melanoderma;Indian sabertooth;Evermannellidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=66938;Evynnis;ehrenbergii;330;Evynnis ehrenbergii;;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2620;Facciolella;gilbertii;64;Facciolella gilbertii;Dogface witch-eel;Nettastomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47434;Favonigobius;lateralis;405;Favonigobius lateralis;Southern longfin goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49314;Favonigobius;lentiginosus;405;Favonigobius lentiginosus;Eastern longfin goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13530;Filimanus;heptadactyla;361;Filimanus heptadactyla;Sevenfinger threadfin;Polynemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3060;Forbesichthys;agassizii;178;Forbesichthys agassizii;Spring cavefish;Amblyopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12940;Forsterygion;lapillum;390;Forsterygion lapillum;Common triplefin;Tripterygiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46992;Forsterygion;varium;390;Forsterygion varium;Striped triplefin;Tripterygiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3200;Fundulus;parvipinnis;570;Fundulus parvipinnis;California killifish;Fundulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5924;Furgaleus;macki;488;Furgaleus macki;Whiskery shark;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1875;Gadiculus;argenteus;183;Gadiculus argenteus;Silvery pout;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25;Gadiculus;thori;183;Gadiculus thori;;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=318;Gadus;chalcogrammus;183;Gadus chalcogrammus;Alaska pollock;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=308;Gadus;macrocephalus;183;Gadus macrocephalus;Pacific cod;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=69;Gadus;morhua;183;Gadus morhua;Atlantic cod;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8427;Gaidropsarus;guttatus;505;Gaidropsarus guttatus;Spotted rockling;Lotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1740;Gaidropsarus;mediterraneus;505;Gaidropsarus mediterraneus;Shore rockling;Lotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22570;Galaxias;occidentalis;79;Galaxias occidentalis;Western galaxias;Galaxiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9464;Galaxiella;munda;79;Galaxiella munda;Western dwarf galaxias;Galaxiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9476;Galaxiella;nigrostriata;79;Galaxiella nigrostriata;Blackstriped dwarf galaxias;Galaxiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9481;Galaxiella;pusilla;79;Galaxiella pusilla;Eastern dwarf galaxias;Galaxiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=886;Galeocerdo;cuvier;11;Galeocerdo cuvier;Tiger shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=341;Galeoides;decadactylus;361;Galeoides decadactylus;Lesser African threadfin;Polynemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4642;Galeorhinus;galeus;488;Galeorhinus galeus;Tope shark;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3215;Gambusia;affinis;216;Gambusia affinis;Mosquitofish;Poeciliidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24477;Garra;mullya;122;Garra mullya;Sucker fish;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26483;Garra;rufa;122;Garra rufa;Red garra;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2420;Gasterosteus;aculeatus;260;Gasterosteus aculeatus;Three-spined stickleback;Gasterosteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4462;Gazza;minuta;318;Gazza minuta;Toothpony;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13992;Genidens;barbus;145;Genidens barbus;White sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=482;Genypterus;blacodes;186;Genypterus blacodes;Pink cusk-eel;Ophidiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=485;Genypterus;capensis;186;Genypterus capensis;Kingklip;Ophidiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1054;Gerres;cinereus;326;Gerres cinereus;Yellow fin mojarra;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4463;Gerres;filamentosus;326;Gerres filamentosus;Whipfin silver-biddy;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7699;Gerres;longirostris;326;Gerres longirostris;Strongspine silver-biddy;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5996;Gerres;oyena;326;Gerres oyena;Common silver-biddy;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13425;Gerres;setifer;326;Gerres setifer;Small Bengal silver-biddy;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4439;Gibelion;catla;122;Gibelion catla;Catla;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7444;Gigantura;indica;96;Gigantura indica;Telescopefish;Giganturidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2756;Gila;atraria;122;Gila atraria;Utah chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2762;Gila;cypha;122;Gila cypha;Humpback chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2532;Ginglymostoma;cirratum;493;Ginglymostoma cirratum;Nurse shark;Ginglymostomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6537;Girella;punctata;339;Girella punctata;;Kyphosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8173;Girella;tricuspidata;339;Girella tricuspidata;Parore;Kyphosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22857;Glaniopsis;hanitschi;126;Glaniopsis hanitschi;;Balitoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10793;Glaucosoma;buergeri;298;Glaucosoma buergeri;Deepsea jewfish;Glaucosomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14956;Glaucosoma;hebraicum;298;Glaucosoma hebraicum;West Australian dhufish;Glaucosomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=257;Glossanodon;semifasciatus;83;Glossanodon semifasciatus;Deep-sea smelt;Argentinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4833;Glossogobius;giuris;405;Glossogobius giuris;Tank goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26;Glyptocephalus;cynoglossus;440;Glyptocephalus cynoglossus;Witch flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8843;Glyptocephalus;stelleri;440;Glyptocephalus stelleri;Blackfin flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4238;Glyptocephalus;zachirus;440;Glyptocephalus zachirus;Rex sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24838;Glyptosternon;maculatum;138;Glyptosternon maculatum;;Sisoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4464;Gnathanodon;speciosus;314;Gnathanodon speciosus;Golden trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46937;Gnathopogon;strigatus;122;Gnathopogon strigatus;Manchurian gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3078;Gobiesox;rhessodon;434;Gobiesox rhessodon;California clingfish;Gobiesocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46938;Gobio;cynocephalus;122;Gobio cynocephalus;Siberian gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4478;Gobio;gobio;122;Gobio gobio;Gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46940;Gobio;soldatovi;122;Gobio soldatovi;Soldatov's gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47278;Gobiobotia;pappenheimi;122;Gobiobotia pappenheimi;Eightbarbel gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22535;Gobiomorphus;breviceps;404;Gobiomorphus breviceps;Upland bully;Eleotridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46874;Gobionellus;microdon;405;Gobionellus microdon;Estuary goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7041;Gobionotothen;gibberifrons;382;Gobionotothen gibberifrons;Humped rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3877;Gobiosoma;robustum;405;Gobiosoma robustum;Code goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4579;Gobius;cobitis;405;Gobius cobitis;Giant goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=72;Gobius;niger;405;Gobius niger;Black goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=73;Gobius;paganellus;405;Gobius paganellus;Rock goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46337;Gobius;vittatus;405;Gobius vittatus;Striped goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=74;Gobiusculus;flavescens;405;Gobiusculus flavescens;Two-spotted goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1601;Gudusia;chapra;43;Gudusia chapra;Indian river shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7317;Gymnapistes;marmoratus;577;Gymnapistes marmoratus;Soldier;Tetrarogidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4519;Gymnarchus;niloticus;41;Gymnarchus niloticus;Aba;Gymnarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3131;Gymnelus;viridis;188;Gymnelus viridis;Fish doctor;Zoarcidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23956;Gymnocanthus;detrisus;277;Gymnocanthus detrisus;;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4091;Gymnocanthus;galeatus;277;Gymnocanthus galeatus;Armorhead sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11716;Gymnocanthus;pistilliger;277;Gymnocanthus pistilliger;Threaded sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4092;Gymnocanthus;tricuspis;277;Gymnocanthus tricuspis;Arctic staghorn sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4474;Gymnocephalus;cernua;306;Gymnocephalus cernua;Ruffe;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1835;Gymnocranius;audleyi;328;Gymnocranius audleyi;Collared large-eye bream;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1837;Gymnocranius;euanus;328;Gymnocranius euanus;Japanese large-eye bream;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1834;Gymnocranius;grandoculis;328;Gymnocranius grandoculis;Blue-lined large-eye bream;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1833;Gymnocranius;griseus;328;Gymnocranius griseus;Grey large-eye bream;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10915;Gymnotus;carapo;118;Gymnotus carapo;Banded knifefish;Gymnotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1126;Haemulon;album;327;Haemulon album;White margate;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1128;Haemulon;aurolineatum;327;Haemulon aurolineatum;Tomtate grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1129;Haemulon;bonariense;327;Haemulon bonariense;Black grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13707;Haemulon;flaviguttatum;327;Haemulon flaviguttatum;Yellowspotted grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1135;Haemulon;flavolineatum;327;Haemulon flavolineatum;French grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8317;Haemulon;maculicauda;327;Haemulon maculicauda;Spottail grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1138;Haemulon;melanurum;327;Haemulon melanurum;Cottonwick grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1139;Haemulon;parra;327;Haemulon parra;Sailor's grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1140;Haemulon;plumierii;327;Haemulon plumierii;White grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1141;Haemulon;sciurus;327;Haemulon sciurus;Bluestriped grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13718;Haemulon;sexfasciatum;327;Haemulon sexfasciatum;Greybar grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1142;Haemulon;steindachneri;327;Haemulon steindachneri;Chere-chere grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1146;Haemulopsis;corvinaeformis;327;Haemulopsis corvinaeformis;Roughneck grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12663;Halichoeres;hortulanus;362;Halichoeres hortulanus;Checkerboard wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5631;Halichoeres;marginatus;362;Halichoeres marginatus;Dusky wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1068;Halichoeres;radiatus;362;Halichoeres radiatus;Puddingwife wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5633;Halichoeres;scapularis;362;Halichoeres scapularis;Zigzag wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6955;Halosauropsis;macrochir;71;Halosauropsis macrochir;Abyssal halosaur;Halosauridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4803;Hampala;macrolepidota;122;Hampala macrolepidota;Hampala barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6767;Haplochromis;macconneli;349;Haplochromis macconneli;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1479;Harengula;humeralis;43;Harengula humeralis;Redear herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1480;Harengula;jaguana;43;Harengula jaguana;Scaled herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=260;Harpadon;nehereus;160;Harpadon nehereus;Bombay-duck;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7089;Harpagifer;antarcticus;480;Harpagifer antarcticus;Antarctic spiny plunderfish;Harpagiferidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=76;Helicolenus;dactylopterus;573;Helicolenus dactylopterus;Blackbelly rosefish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55189;Helicolenus;lahillei;573;Helicolenus lahillei;;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14309;Helicolenus;percoides;573;Helicolenus percoides;Red gurnard perch;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49321;Hemerocoetes;monopterygius;370;Hemerocoetes monopterygius;Opalfish;Percophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23073;Hemibagrus;baramensis;130;Hemibagrus baramensis;;Bagridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17301;Hemibarbus;labeo;122;Hemibarbus labeo;Barbel steed;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2390;Hemichromis;fasciatus;349;Hemichromis fasciatus;Banded jewelfish;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4755;Hemiculter;leucisculus;122;Hemiculter leucisculus;Sharpbelly;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46726;Hemiculter;lucidus;122;Hemiculter lucidus;Ussuri sharpbelly;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9806;Hemigrammocapoeta;kemali;122;Hemigrammocapoeta kemali;Ere?li minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4096;Hemilepidotus;zapus;277;Hemilepidotus zapus;Longfin Irish lord;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1059;Hemiramphus;brasiliensis;475;Hemiramphus brasiliensis;Ballyhoo halfbeak;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=16884;Hemiramphus;convexus;475;Hemiramphus convexus;Halfbeak;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13261;Hemisorubim;platyrhynchos;150;Hemisorubim platyrhynchos;Porthole shovelnose catfish;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=940;Hemitrygon;akajei;20;Hemitrygon akajei;Whip stingray;Dasyatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55277;Henicorhynchus;siamensis;122;Henicorhynchus siamensis;Siamese mud carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=67377;Hepsetus;cuvieri;105;Hepsetus cuvieri;;Hepsetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4530;Hepsetus;odoe;105;Hepsetus odoe;;Hepsetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1494;Herklotsichthys;quadrimaculatus;43;Herklotsichthys quadrimaculatus;Bluestripe herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2771;Hesperoleucus;symmetricus;122;Hesperoleucus symmetricus;California roach;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46667;Heterandria;bimaculata;216;Heterandria bimaculata;Twospot livebearer;Poeciliidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2319;Heterobranchus;longifilis;139;Heterobranchus longifilis;Sampa;Clariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=743;Heterodontus;portusjacksoni;3;Heterodontus portusjacksoni;Port Jackson shark;Heterodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4885;Heteropneustes;fossilis;140;Heteropneustes fossilis;Stinging catfish;Heteropneustidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2388;Heterotis;niloticus;628;Heterotis niloticus;African bonytongue;Arapaimidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8169;Hexagrammos;agrammus;271;Hexagrammos agrammus;Spotty-bellied greenling;Hexagrammidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6598;Hexagrammos;otakii;271;Hexagrammos otakii;Fat grrenling;Hexagrammidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1595;Hilsa;kelee;43;Hilsa kelee;Kelee shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2666;Hiodon;alosoides;36;Hiodon alosoides;Goldeye;Hiodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2667;Hiodon;tergisus;36;Hiodon tergisus;Mooneye;Hiodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=53792;Hippocampus;comes;258;Hippocampus comes;Tiger tail seahorse;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3283;Hippocampus;erectus;258;Hippocampus erectus;Lined seahorse;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1802;Hippocampus;guttulatus;258;Hippocampus guttulatus;Long-snouted seahorse;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5955;Hippocampus;kuda;258;Hippocampus kuda;Spotted seahorse;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3285;Hippocampus;reidi;258;Hippocampus reidi;Longsnout seahorse;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22818;Hippocampus;whitei;258;Hippocampus whitei;White's seahorse;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3286;Hippocampus;zosterae;258;Hippocampus zosterae;Dwarf seahorse;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4225;Hippoglossina;stomata;514;Hippoglossina stomata;Bigmouth flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8845;Hippoglossoides;dubius;440;Hippoglossoides dubius;Flathead flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=519;Hippoglossoides;elassodon;440;Hippoglossoides elassodon;Flathead sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4239;Hippoglossoides;platessoides;440;Hippoglossoides platessoides;American plaice;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4240;Hippoglossoides;robustus;440;Hippoglossoides robustus;Bering flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1371;Hippoglossus;hippoglossus;440;Hippoglossus hippoglossus;Atlantic halibut;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=514;Hippoglossus;stenolepis;440;Hippoglossus stenolepis;Pacific halibut;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7906;Hipposcarus;harid;364;Hipposcarus harid;Candelamoa parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5539;Hipposcarus;longiceps;364;Hipposcarus longiceps;Pacific longnose parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7457;Hirundichthys;affinis;206;Hirundichthys affinis;Fourwing flyingfish;Exocoetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1034;Hirundichthys;oxycephalus;206;Hirundichthys oxycephalus;Bony flyingfish;Exocoetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6958;Histiobranchus;bathybius;57;Histiobranchus bathybius;Deep-water arrowtooth eel;Synaphobranchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1061;Holocentrus;adscensionis;243;Holocentrus adscensionis;Squirrelfish;Holocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1062;Holocentrus;rufus;243;Holocentrus rufus;Longspine squirrelfish;Holocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4757;Hoplias;malabaricus;103;Hoplias malabaricus;Trahira;Erythrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5377;Hoplosternum;littorale;156;Hoplosternum littorale;Atipa;Callichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=334;Hoplostethus;atlanticus;236;Hoplostethus atlanticus;Orange roughy;Trachichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4964;Hoplostethus;mediterraneus;236;Hoplostethus mediterraneus;Mediterranean slimehead;Trachichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11780;Howella;brodiei;657;Howella brodiei;Pelagic basslet;Howellidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4664;Hucho;hucho;76;Hucho hucho;Huchen;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8681;Hucho;taimen;76;Hucho taimen;Taimen;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4633;Huso;dauricus;32;Huso dauricus;Kaluga;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2067;Huso;huso;32;Huso huso;Beluga;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2775;Hybognathus;nuchalis;122;Hybognathus nuchalis;Mississippi silvery minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4496;Hydrocynus;forskahlii;518;Hydrocynus forskahlii;Elongate tigerfish;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4479;Hydrocynus;vittatus;518;Hydrocynus vittatus;Tiger fish;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2589;Hydrolagus;colliei;25;Hydrolagus colliei;Spotted ratfish;Chimaeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1720;Hymenocephalus;italicus;185;Hymenocephalus italicus;Glasshead grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2573;Hypanus;dipterurus;20;Hypanus dipterurus;Diamond stingray;Dasyatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2574;Hypanus;sabinus;20;Hypanus sabinus;Atlantic stingray;Dasyatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=496;Hyperoglyphe;antarctica;421;Hyperoglyphe antarctica;Bluenose warehou;Centrolophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1374;Hyperoplus;lanceolatus;402;Hyperoplus lanceolatus;Great sandeel;Ammodytidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3630;Hyperprosopon;anale;348;Hyperprosopon anale;Spotfin surfperch;Embiotocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=254;Hypomesus;olidus;80;Hypomesus olidus;Pond smelt;Osmeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=274;Hypophthalmichthys;molitrix;122;Hypophthalmichthys molitrix;Silver carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=275;Hypophthalmichthys;nobilis;122;Hypophthalmichthys nobilis;Bighead carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4533;Hypophthalmus;edentatus;150;Hypophthalmus edentatus;Highwaterman catfish;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25736;Hypophthalmus;marginatus;150;Hypophthalmus marginatus;;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=488;Hypoptychus;dybowskii;403;Hypoptychus dybowskii;Korean sandlance;Hypoptychidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12725;Hyporhamphus;australis;475;Hyporhamphus australis;Eastern sea garfish;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12985;Hyporhamphus;intermedius;475;Hyporhamphus intermedius;Asian pencil halfbeak;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14582;Hyporhamphus;melanochir;475;Hyporhamphus melanochir;Southern garfish;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17081;Hyporhamphus;regularis;475;Hyporhamphus regularis;River garfish;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1060;Hyporhamphus;unifasciatus;475;Hyporhamphus unifasciatus;Common halfbeak;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1205;Hyporthodus;flavolimbatus;289;Hyporthodus flavolimbatus;Yellowedge grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1207;Hyporthodus;nigritus;289;Hyporthodus nigritus;Warsaw grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1208;Hyporthodus;niveatus;289;Hyporthodus niveatus;Snowy grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7355;Hyporthodus;octofasciatus;289;Hyporthodus octofasciatus;Eightbar grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6371;Hyporthodus;quernus;289;Hyporthodus quernus;Hawaiian grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48874;Hypostomus;albopunctatus;157;Hypostomus albopunctatus;;Loricariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9940;Iberochondrostoma;lemmingii;122;Iberochondrostoma lemmingii;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23906;Icelus;canaliculatus;277;Icelus canaliculatus;Blacknose sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23910;Icelus;perminovi;277;Icelus perminovi;Scaly-belly sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4109;Icelus;spiniger;277;Icelus spiniger;Thorny sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5251;Ichthyborus;besse;671;Ichthyborus besse;;Distichodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2518;Ichthyomyzon;greeleyi;1;Ichthyomyzon greeleyi;Mountain brook lamprey;Petromyzontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3929;Icosteus;aenigmaticus;400;Icosteus aenigmaticus;Ragfish;Icosteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=290;Ictalurus;punctatus;129;Ictalurus punctatus;Channel catfish;Ictaluridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11585;Idiacanthus;antrostomus;91;Idiacanthus antrostomus;Pacific blackdragon;Stomiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1625;Ilisha;africana;620;Ilisha africana;West African ilisha;Pristigasteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1627;Ilisha;elongata;620;Ilisha elongata;Elongate ilisha;Pristigasteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1628;Ilisha;filigera;620;Ilisha filigera;Coromandel ilisha;Pristigasteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6386;Inimicus;japonicus;578;Inimicus japonicus;;Synanceiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=891;Isogomphodon;oxyrhynchus;11;Isogomphodon oxyrhynchus;Daggernose shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4242;Isopsetta;isolepis;440;Isopsetta isolepis;Butter sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=217;Istiompax;indica;419;Istiompax indica;Black marlin;Istiophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=78;Istiophorus;albicans;419;Istiophorus albicans;Atlantic sailfish;Istiophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=77;Istiophorus;platypterus;419;Istiophorus platypterus;Indo-Pacific sailfish;Istiophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=752;Isurus;oxyrinchus;9;Isurus oxyrinchus;Shortfin mako;Lamnidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8231;Jaydia;lineata;304;Jaydia lineata;Indian perch;Apogonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1461;Jenkinsia;lamprotaenia;43;Jenkinsia lamprotaenia;Dwarf round herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11958;Jenynsia;lineata;214;Jenynsia lineata;Onesided livebearer;Anablepidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54765;Jenynsia;multidentata;214;Jenynsia multidentata;Rio de la Plata onesided livebearer;Anablepidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15263;Johnius;borneensis;331;Johnius borneensis;Sharpnose hammer croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4647;Johnius;carutta;331;Johnius carutta;Karut croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10544;Johnius;coitor;331;Johnius coitor;Coitor croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6530;Johnius;dussumieri;331;Johnius dussumieri;Sin croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13667;Johnius;glaucus;331;Johnius glaucus;Pale spotfin croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15249;Johnius;macrorhynus;331;Johnius macrorhynus;Big-snout croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=219;Kajikia;albida;419;Kajikia albida;Atlantic white marlin;Istiophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=223;Kajikia;audax;419;Kajikia audax;Striped marlin;Istiophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65579;Kali;kerberti;368;Kali kerberti;;Chiasmodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46363;Karalepis;stewarti;390;Karalepis stewarti;Scaly-headed triplefin;Tripterygiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4574;Karalla;daura;318;Karalla daura;Goldstripe ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8557;Kareius;bicoloratus;440;Kareius bicoloratus;Stone flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3707;Kathetostoma;averruncus;378;Kathetostoma averruncus;Smooth stargazer;Uranoscopidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12920;Kathetostoma;giganteum;378;Kathetostoma giganteum;Giant stargazer;Uranoscopidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=107;Katsuwonus;pelamis;416;Katsuwonus pelamis;Skipjack tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1609;Konosirus;punctatus;43;Konosirus punctatus;Dotted gizzard shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5157;Kuhlia;sandvicensis;301;Kuhlia sandvicensis;Hawaiian flagtail;Kuhliidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5805;Kyphosus;cinerascens;339;Kyphosus cinerascens;Blue sea chub;Kyphosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12075;Labeo;bata;122;Labeo bata;Bata;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13169;Labeo;boggut;122;Labeo boggut;Boggut labeo;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5151;Labeo;calbasu;122;Labeo calbasu;Orangefin labeo;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2434;Labeo;coubie;122;Labeo coubie;African carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13631;Labeo;dussumieri;122;Labeo dussumieri;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10433;Labeo;fimbriatus;122;Labeo fimbriatus;Fringed-lipped peninsula carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10254;Labeo;gonius;122;Labeo gonius;Kuria labeo;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11548;Labeo;horie;122;Labeo horie;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11558;Labeo;lunatus;122;Labeo lunatus;Upper Zambezi labeo;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4636;Labeo;niloticus;122;Labeo niloticus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=82;Labeo;rohita;122;Labeo rohita;Roho labeo;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2436;Labeo;senegalensis;122;Labeo senegalensis;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4818;Labeobarbus;aeneus;122;Labeobarbus aeneus;Smallmouth yellowfish;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11320;Labeobarbus;bynni;122;Labeobarbus bynni;Niger barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4673;Labeobarbus;kimberleyensis;122;Labeobarbus kimberleyensis;Largemouth yellowfish;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3238;Labidesthes;sicculus;623;Labidesthes sicculus;Brook silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=572;Labrus;bergylta;362;Labrus bergylta;Ballan wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4582;Labrus;merula;362;Labrus merula;Brown wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1375;Labrus;mixtus;362;Labrus mixtus;Cuckoo wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1071;Lachnolaimus;maximus;362;Lachnolaimus maximus;Hogfish;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=363;Lactarius;lactarius;310;Lactarius lactarius;False trevally;Lactariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47280;Ladislavia;taczanowskii;122;Ladislavia taczanowskii;Tachanovsky's gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2014;Laemonema;longipes;180;Laemonema longipes;Longfin codling;Moridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4761;Lagocephalus;sceleratus;448;Lagocephalus sceleratus;Silver-cheeked toadfish;Tetraodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3576;Lagodon;rhomboides;330;Lagodon rhomboides;Pinfish;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=755;Lamna;ditropis;9;Lamna ditropis;Salmon shark;Lamnidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=88;Lamna;nasus;9;Lamna nasus;Porbeagle;Lamnidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=259;Lampanyctodes;hectoris;167;Lampanyctodes hectoris;Hector's lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4481;Lampetra;planeri;1;Lampetra planeri;European brook lamprey;Petromyzontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1072;Lampris;guttatus;222;Lampris guttatus;Opah;Lampridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=428;Larimichthys;crocea;331;Larimichthys crocea;Large yellow croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=416;Larimichthys;polyactis;331;Larimichthys polyactis;Yellow croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1180;Larimus;breviceps;331;Larimus breviceps;Shorthead drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1182;Larimus;fasciatus;331;Larimus fasciatus;Banded drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4589;Lateolabrax;japonicus;627;Lateolabrax japonicus;Japanese seabass;Lateolabracidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4497;Lates;angustifrons;631;Lates angustifrons;Tanganyika lates;Latidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=346;Lates;calcarifer;631;Lates calcarifer;Barramundi;Latidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9896;Lates;longispinis;631;Lates longispinis;Rudolf lates;Latidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9898;Lates;mariae;631;Lates mariae;Bigeye lates;Latidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4801;Lates;microlepis;631;Lates microlepis;Forktail lates;Latidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=347;Lates;niloticus;631;Lates niloticus;Nile perch;Latidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4498;Lates;stappersii;631;Lates stappersii;Sleek lates;Latidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2063;Latimeria;chalumnae;30;Latimeria chalumnae;Coelacanth;Latimeriidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12960;Latridopsis;ciliaris;356;Latridopsis ciliaris;Blue moki;Latridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14417;Latris;lineata;356;Latris lineata;Striped trumpeter;Latridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4810;Leiognathus;brevirostris;318;Leiognathus brevirostris;Shortnose ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4451;Leiognathus;equulus;318;Leiognathus equulus;Common ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4872;Leiopotherapon;plumbeus;299;Leiopotherapon plumbeus;;Terapontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=429;Leiostomus;xanthurus;331;Leiostomus xanthurus;Spot croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47989;Leocottus;kesslerii;278;Leocottus kesslerii;Kessler's sculpin;Cottocomephoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2016;Lepidion;eques;180;Lepidion eques;North Atlantic codling;Moridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2017;Lepidion;lepidion;180;Lepidion lepidion;Mediterranean codling;Moridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5336;Lepidocephalichthys;guntea;127;Lepidocephalichthys guntea;Guntea loach;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4537;Lepidogalaxias;salamandroides;466;Lepidogalaxias salamandroides;Salamanderfish;Lepidogalaxiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3882;Lepidogobius;lepidus;405;Lepidogobius lepidus;Bay goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7045;Lepidonotothen;squamifrons;382;Lepidonotothen squamifrons;Grey rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6591;Lepidophanes;guentheri;167;Lepidophanes guentheri;Günther’s lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24237;Lepidopsetta;bilineata;440;Lepidopsetta bilineata;Rock sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=58882;Lepidopsetta;polyxystra;440;Lepidopsetta polyxystra;Northern rock sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=645;Lepidopus;caudatus;415;Lepidopus caudatus;Silver scabbardfish;Trichiuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=27;Lepidorhombus;boscii;515;Lepidorhombus boscii;Four-spot megrim;Scophthalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=28;Lepidorhombus;whiffiagonis;515;Lepidorhombus whiffiagonis;Megrim;Scophthalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1722;Lepidotrigla;cavillone;266;Lepidotrigla cavillone;Large-scaled gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1076;Lepisosteus;osseus;34;Lepisosteus osseus;Longnose gar;Lepisosteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2598;Lepisosteus;platyrhincus;34;Lepisosteus platyrhincus;Florida gar;Lepisosteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3372;Lepomis;gibbosus;302;Lepomis gibbosus;Pumpkinseed;Centrarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3375;Lepomis;macrochirus;302;Lepomis macrochirus;Bluegill;Centrarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3377;Lepomis;megalotis;302;Lepomis megalotis;Longear sunfish;Centrarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12330;Leporinus;friderici;559;Leporinus friderici;Threespot leporinus;Anostomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23445;Leporinus;obtusidens;559;Leporinus obtusidens;;Anostomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4469;Leptomelanosoma;indicum;361;Leptomelanosoma indicum;Indian threadfin;Polynemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4360;Leptoscarus;vaigiensis;364;Leptoscarus vaigiensis;Marbled parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8314;Lepturacanthus;savala;415;Lepturacanthus savala;Savalai hairtail;Trichiuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11599;Lestidiops;ringens;169;Lestidiops ringens;Slender barracudina;Paralepididae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24646;Lestrolepis;japonica;169;Lestrolepis japonica;Japanese barracudina;Paralepididae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7685;Lesueurigobius;friesii;405;Lesueurigobius friesii;Fries's goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2521;Lethenteron;appendix;1;Lethenteron appendix;American brook lamprey;Petromyzontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2155;Lethrinops;longipinnis;349;Lethrinops longipinnis;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2171;Lethrinops;parvidens;349;Lethrinops parvidens;Lethrinops red flush;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1854;Lethrinus;atkinsoni;328;Lethrinus atkinsoni;Pacific yellowtail emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1844;Lethrinus;borbonicus;328;Lethrinus borbonicus;Snubnose emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1855;Lethrinus;enigmaticus;328;Lethrinus enigmaticus;Blackeye emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1862;Lethrinus;erythracanthus;328;Lethrinus erythracanthus;Orange-spotted emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1865;Lethrinus;genivittatus;328;Lethrinus genivittatus;Longspine emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1856;Lethrinus;haematopterus;328;Lethrinus haematopterus;Chinese emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1851;Lethrinus;harak;328;Lethrinus harak;Thumbprint emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1863;Lethrinus;lentjan;328;Lethrinus lentjan;Pink ear emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1843;Lethrinus;mahsena;328;Lethrinus mahsena;Sky emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1845;Lethrinus;microdon;328;Lethrinus microdon;Smalltooth emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1858;Lethrinus;miniatus;328;Lethrinus miniatus;Trumpet emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1846;Lethrinus;nebulosus;328;Lethrinus nebulosus;Spangled emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1847;Lethrinus;obsoletus;328;Lethrinus obsoletus;Orange-striped emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1864;Lethrinus;olivaceus;328;Lethrinus olivaceus;Longface emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1866;Lethrinus;ornatus;328;Lethrinus ornatus;Ornate emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1848;Lethrinus;rubrioperculatus;328;Lethrinus rubrioperculatus;Spotcheek emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1849;Lethrinus;semicinctus;328;Lethrinus semicinctus;Black blotch emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1850;Lethrinus;variegatus;328;Lethrinus variegatus;Slender emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1852;Lethrinus;xanthochilus;328;Lethrinus xanthochilus;Yellowlip emperor;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4782;Leucaspius;delineatus;122;Leucaspius delineatus;Belica;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4783;Leuciscus;aspius;122;Leuciscus aspius;Asp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=56010;Leuciscus;baicalensis;122;Leuciscus baicalensis;Siberian dace;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2801;Leuciscus;idus;122;Leuciscus idus;Ide;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4662;Leuciscus;leuciscus;122;Leuciscus leuciscus;Common dace;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54833;Leuciscus;vorax;122;Leuciscus vorax;Tigris asp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46549;Leuciscus;waleckii;122;Leuciscus waleckii;Amur ide;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2557;Leucoraja;erinacea;19;Leucoraja erinacea;Little skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4326;Leucoraja;naevus;19;Leucoraja naevus;Cuckoo ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2562;Leucoraja;ocellata;19;Leucoraja ocellata;Winter skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7964;Leucoraja;wallacei;19;Leucoraja wallacei;Yellowspotted skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48461;Leucos;basak;122;Leucos basak;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49062;Leucos;ylikiensis;122;Leucos ylikiensis;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3239;Leuresthes;tenuis;623;Leuresthes tenuis;California grunion;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2703;Leuroglossus;stilbius;84;Leuroglossus stilbius;California smoothtongue;Bathylagidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1529;Lile;stolifera;43;Lile stolifera;Striped herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=520;Limanda;aspera;440;Limanda aspera;Yellowfin sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=521;Limanda;ferruginea;440;Limanda ferruginea;Yellowtail flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=695;Limanda;limanda;440;Limanda limanda;Common dab;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8882;Limanda;punctatissima;440;Limanda punctatissima;;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=50421;Limanda;sakhalinensis;440;Limanda sakhalinensis;Sakhalin sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48061;Limnocottus;godlewskii;584;Limnocottus godlewskii;;Abyssocottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48083;Limnocottus;pallidus;584;Limnocottus pallidus;;Abyssocottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1550;Limnothrissa;miodon;43;Limnothrissa miodon;Lake Tanganyika sardine;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4244;Liopsetta;glacialis;440;Liopsetta glacialis;Arctic flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4195;Liparis;inquilinus;615;Liparis inquilinus;Inquiline snailfish;Liparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4198;Liparis;pulchellus;615;Liparis pulchellus;Showy snailfish;Liparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1394;Lipocheilus;carnolabrum;323;Lipocheilus carnolabrum;Tang's snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9200;Lipophrys;pholis;392;Lipophrys pholis;Shanny;Blenniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6592;Lithognathus;aureti;330;Lithognathus aureti;West coast seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=450;Lithognathus;lithognathus;330;Lithognathus lithognathus;White steenbras;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=706;Lithognathus;mormyrus;330;Lithognathus mormyrus;Sand steenbras;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13461;Liza;abu;359;Liza abu;Abu mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14376;Liza;argentea;359;Liza argentea;Flat-tail mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1735;Liza;aurata;359;Liza aurata;Golden grey mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13673;Liza;carinata;359;Liza carinata;Keeled mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9918;Liza;grandisquamis;359;Liza grandisquamis;Largescaled mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13000;Liza;haematocheila;359;Liza haematocheila;So-iuy mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46376;Liza;klunzingeri;359;Liza klunzingeri;Klunzinger's mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4583;Liza;ramada;359;Liza ramada;Thinlip grey mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1736;Liza;saliens;359;Liza saliens;Leaping mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1794;Lobianchia;dofleini;167;Lobianchia dofleini;Dofleini's lantern fish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17416;Lobocheilos;bo;122;Lobocheilos bo;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1077;Lobotes;surinamensis;325;Lobotes surinamensis;Tripletail;Lobotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=532;Lophius;americanus;190;Lophius americanus;American angler;Lophiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5094;Lophius;budegassa;190;Lophius budegassa;Blackbellied angler;Lophiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=716;Lophius;piscatorius;190;Lophius piscatorius;Angler;Lophiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10256;Lophius;vomerinus;190;Lophius vomerinus;Devil anglerfish;Lophiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=362;Lopholatilus;chamaeleonticeps;308;Lopholatilus chamaeleonticeps;Great northern tilefish;Malacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15383;Lopholatilus;villarii;308;Lopholatilus villarii;Tile fish;Malacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=310;Lota;lota;505;Lota lota;Burbot;Lotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=894;Loxodon;macrorhinus;11;Loxodon macrorhinus;Sliteye shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25791;Luciobarbus;albanicus;122;Luciobarbus albanicus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23592;Luciobarbus;bocagei;122;Luciobarbus bocagei;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4637;Luciobarbus;brachycephalus;122;Luciobarbus brachycephalus;Aral barbel;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23605;Luciobarbus;sclateri;122;Luciobarbus sclateri;Andalusian barbel;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54813;Luciobarbus;xanthopterus;122;Luciobarbus xanthopterus;Yellowfin barbell;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12117;Luciopimelodus;pati;150;Luciopimelodus pati;Pati;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1380;Lumpenus;lampretaeformis;393;Lumpenus lampretaeformis;Snakeblenny;Stichaeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1395;Lutjanus;adetii;323;Lutjanus adetii;Yellow-banded snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63308;Lutjanus;alexandrei;323;Lutjanus alexandrei;;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1403;Lutjanus;analis;323;Lutjanus analis;Mutton snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1404;Lutjanus;apodus;323;Lutjanus apodus;Schoolmaster snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1407;Lutjanus;argentimaculatus;323;Lutjanus argentimaculatus;Mangrove red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1408;Lutjanus;argentiventris;323;Lutjanus argentiventris;Yellow snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1417;Lutjanus;bohar;323;Lutjanus bohar;Two-spot red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1418;Lutjanus;boutton;323;Lutjanus boutton;Moluccan snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1419;Lutjanus;buccanella;323;Lutjanus buccanella;Blackfin snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1423;Lutjanus;campechanus;323;Lutjanus campechanus;Northern red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1424;Lutjanus;carponotatus;323;Lutjanus carponotatus;Spanish flag snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1427;Lutjanus;cyanopterus;323;Lutjanus cyanopterus;Cubera snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=793;Lutjanus;ehrenbergii;323;Lutjanus ehrenbergii;Blackspot snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1406;Lutjanus;erythropterus;323;Lutjanus erythropterus;Crimson snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=261;Lutjanus;fulviflamma;323;Lutjanus fulviflamma;Dory snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=262;Lutjanus;fulvus;323;Lutjanus fulvus;Blacktail snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=265;Lutjanus;gibbus;323;Lutjanus gibbus;Humpback red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=266;Lutjanus;griseus;323;Lutjanus griseus;Grey snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=152;Lutjanus;guttatus;323;Lutjanus guttatus;Spotted rose snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=154;Lutjanus;jocu;323;Lutjanus jocu;Dog snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=264;Lutjanus;johnii;323;Lutjanus johnii;John's snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=156;Lutjanus;kasmira;323;Lutjanus kasmira;Common bluestripe snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=159;Lutjanus;lutjanus;323;Lutjanus lutjanus;Bigeye snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=161;Lutjanus;mahogoni;323;Lutjanus mahogoni;Mahogany snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=162;Lutjanus;malabaricus;323;Lutjanus malabaricus;Malabar blood snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=166;Lutjanus;monostigma;323;Lutjanus monostigma;One-spot snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=170;Lutjanus;peru;323;Lutjanus peru;Pacific red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=171;Lutjanus;purpureus;323;Lutjanus purpureus;Southern red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=172;Lutjanus;quinquelineatus;323;Lutjanus quinquelineatus;Five-lined snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=173;Lutjanus;rivulatus;323;Lutjanus rivulatus;Blubberlip snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=177;Lutjanus;sanguineus;323;Lutjanus sanguineus;Humphead snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=178;Lutjanus;sebae;323;Lutjanus sebae;Emperor red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=181;Lutjanus;synagris;323;Lutjanus synagris;Lane snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=182;Lutjanus;timoriensis;323;Lutjanus timoriensis;Timor snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=184;Lutjanus;vitta;323;Lutjanus vitta;Brownstripe red snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=185;Lutjanus;vivanus;323;Lutjanus vivanus;Silk snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2849;Luxilus;chrysocephalus;122;Luxilus chrysocephalus;Striped shiner;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=552;Lycengraulis;grossidens;454;Lycengraulis grossidens;Atlantic sabretooth anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48210;Lycodes;albolineatus;188;Lycodes albolineatus;Whitebar eelpout;Zoarcidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25011;Lycodes;brunneofasciatus;188;Lycodes brunneofasciatus;Tawnystripe eelpout;Zoarcidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=61701;Lycodes;gracilis;188;Lycodes gracilis;;Zoarcidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3147;Lycodes;pacificus;188;Lycodes pacificus;Blackbelly eelpout;Zoarcidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6307;Maccullochella;ikei;288;Maccullochella ikei;Clarence river cod;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10311;Maccullochella;peelii;288;Maccullochella peelii;Murray cod;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10312;Macquaria;ambigua;288;Macquaria ambigua;Golden perch;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6463;Macquaria;novemaculeata;288;Macquaria novemaculeata;Australian bass;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2778;Macrhybopsis;aestivalis;122;Macrhybopsis aestivalis;Speckled chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=417;Macrodon;ancylodon;331;Macrodon ancylodon;King weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=66332;Macrodon;atricauda;331;Macrodon atricauda;Southern King Weakfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25157;Macrognathus;maculatus;432;Macrognathus maculatus;Frecklefin eel;Mastacembelidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10147;Macrognathus;pancalus;432;Macrognathus pancalus;Barred spiny eel;Mastacembelidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3277;Macroramphosus;gracilis;256;Macroramphosus gracilis;Slender snipefish;Centriscidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=333;Macroramphosus;scolopax;256;Macroramphosus scolopax;Longspine snipefish;Centriscidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=331;Macrourus;berglax;185;Macrourus berglax;Roughhead grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=329;Macruronus;magellanicus;184;Macruronus magellanicus;Patagonian grenadier;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1825;Macruronus;novaezelandiae;184;Macruronus novaezelandiae;Blue grenadier;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=218;Makaira;mazara;419;Makaira mazara;Indo-Pacific blue marlin;Istiophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=216;Makaira;nigricans;419;Makaira nigricans;Blue marlin;Istiophoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11730;Malacocottus;zonurus;282;Malacocottus zonurus;Darkfin sculpin;Psychrolutidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2568;Malacoraja;senta;19;Malacoraja senta;Smooth skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=252;Mallotus;villosus;80;Mallotus villosus;Capelin;Osmeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5405;Marcusenius;macrolepidotus;40;Marcusenius macrolepidotus;Bulldog;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8709;Marcusenius;monteiri;40;Marcusenius monteiri;Monteiri's bulldog;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54832;Mastacembelus;mastacembelus;432;Mastacembelus mastacembelus;Euphrates spiny eel;Mastacembelidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10207;Masturus;lanceolatus;450;Masturus lanceolatus;Sharptail mola;Molidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=754;Maurolicus;muelleri;89;Maurolicus muelleri;Silvery lightfish;Sternoptychidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51603;Maurolicus;stehmanni;89;Maurolicus stehmanni;;Sternoptychidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4798;Mayaheros;urophthalmus;349;Mayaheros urophthalmus;Mexican mojarra;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=384;Megalaspis;cordyla;314;Megalaspis cordyla;Torpedo scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=285;Megalobrama;amblycephala;122;Megalobrama amblycephala;Wuchang bream;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4789;Megalobrama;terminalis;122;Megalobrama terminalis;Black Amur bream;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4114;Megalocottus;platycephalus;277;Megalocottus platycephalus;Belligerent sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1079;Megalops;atlanticus;47;Megalops atlanticus;Tarpon;Megalopidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1381;Melanogrammus;aeglefinus;183;Melanogrammus aeglefinus;Haddock;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22685;Melanotaenia;fluviatilis;564;Melanotaenia fluviatilis;Murray River rainbowfish;Melanotaeniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=390;Mene;maculata;317;Mene maculata;Moonfish;Menidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3243;Menidia;extensa;623;Menidia extensa;Waccamaw silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=339;Menidia;menidia;623;Menidia menidia;Atlantic silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=409;Menticirrhus;americanus;331;Menticirrhus americanus;Southern kingcroaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=410;Menticirrhus;saxatilis;331;Menticirrhus saxatilis;Northern kingfish;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3587;Menticirrhus;undulatus;331;Menticirrhus undulatus;California kingcroaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=29;Merlangius;merlangus;183;Merlangius merlangus;Whiting;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1080;Merluccius;albidus;184;Merluccius albidus;Offshore silver hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1827;Merluccius;angustimanus;184;Merluccius angustimanus;Panama hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=322;Merluccius;australis;184;Merluccius australis;Southern hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=323;Merluccius;bilinearis;184;Merluccius bilinearis;Silver hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1828;Merluccius;capensis;184;Merluccius capensis;Shallow-water Cape hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=324;Merluccius;gayi+gayi;184;Merluccius gayi gayi;South Pacific hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14693;Merluccius;gayi+peruanus;184;Merluccius gayi peruanus;Peruvian hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=325;Merluccius;hubbsi;184;Merluccius hubbsi;Argentine hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=30;Merluccius;merluccius;184;Merluccius merluccius;European hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1826;Merluccius;paradoxus;184;Merluccius paradoxus;Deep-water Cape hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=327;Merluccius;polli;184;Merluccius polli;Benguela hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=326;Merluccius;productus;184;Merluccius productus;North Pacific hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=321;Merluccius;senegalensis;184;Merluccius senegalensis;Senegalese hake;Merlucciidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=16305;Mesogobius;batrachocephalus;405;Mesogobius batrachocephalus;Knout goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7004;Metelectrona;ventralis;167;Metelectrona ventralis;Flaccid lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2402;Micralestes;acutidens;518;Micralestes acutidens;Sharptooth tetra;Alestidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=61001;Microchirus;azevia;441;Microchirus azevia;;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7690;Microchirus;theophila;441;Microchirus theophila;Bastard sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=32;Microchirus;variegatus;441;Microchirus variegatus;Thickback sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3893;Microgobius;thalassinus;405;Microgobius thalassinus;Green goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=320;Micromesistius;australis;183;Micromesistius australis;Southern blue whiting;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=31;Micromesistius;poutassou;183;Micromesistius poutassou;Blue whiting;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3635;Micrometrus;aurora;348;Micrometrus aurora;Reef perch;Embiotocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47337;Microphysogobio;amurensis;122;Microphysogobio amurensis;Amur longnose gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7620;Micropogonias;furnieri;331;Micropogonias furnieri;Whitemouth croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13996;Micropogonias;megalops;331;Micropogonias megalops;;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=408;Micropogonias;undulatus;331;Micropogonias undulatus;Atlantic croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3382;Micropterus;dolomieu;302;Micropterus dolomieu;Smallmouth bass;Centrarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3385;Micropterus;salmoides;302;Micropterus salmoides;Largemouth black bass;Centrarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8559;Microstomus;achne;440;Microstomus achne;Slime flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1382;Microstomus;kitt;440;Microstomus kitt;Lemon sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4247;Microstomus;pacificus;440;Microstomus pacificus;Dover sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4569;Miichthys;miiuy;331;Miichthys miiuy;Mi-iuy croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10713;Milyeringa;veritas;404;Milyeringa veritas;Cave gudgeon;Eleotridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4518;Mirogrex;terraesanctae;122;Mirogrex terraesanctae;Kinneret bleak;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3016;Misgurnus;anguillicaudatus;127;Misgurnus anguillicaudatus;Pond loach;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4790;Misgurnus;fossilis;127;Misgurnus fossilis;Weatherfish;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4898;Mistichthys;luzonensis;405;Mistichthys luzonensis;;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2587;Mobula;japanica;22;Mobula japanica;Spinetail mobula;Myliobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12390;Moenkhausia;dichroura;102;Moenkhausia dichroura;Bandtail tetra;Characidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1732;Mola;mola;450;Mola mola;Ocean sunfish;Molidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1383;Molva;dypterygia;505;Molva dypterygia;Blue ling;Lotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=33;Molva;molva;505;Molva molva;Ling;Lotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52689;Monocentris;reedi;241;Monocentris reedi;Pinecone fish;Monocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2048;Monochirus;hispidus;441;Monochirus hispidus;Whiskered sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4663;Monopterus;albus;262;Monopterus albus;Asian swamp eel;Synbranchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4700;Moolgarda;cunnesius;359;Moolgarda cunnesius;Longarm mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5659;Moolgarda;seheli;359;Moolgarda seheli;Bluespot mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1734;Mora;moro;180;Mora moro;Common mora;Moridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2394;Mormyrops;anguilloides;40;Mormyrops anguilloides;Cornish jack;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8768;Mormyrus;lacerda;40;Mormyrus lacerda;Western bottlenose mormyrid;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5386;Mormyrus;longirostris;40;Mormyrus longirostris;Eastern bottlenose mormyrid;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2397;Mormyrus;rume;40;Mormyrus rume;Mormyrids;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=355;Morone;americana;487;Morone americana;White perch;Moronidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3308;Morone;chrysops;487;Morone chrysops;White bass;Moronidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3309;Morone;mississippiensis;487;Morone mississippiensis;Yellow bass;Moronidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=353;Morone;saxatilis;487;Morone saxatilis;Striped bass;Moronidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=785;Mugil;cephalus;359;Mugil cephalus;Flathead grey mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1086;Mugil;curema;359;Mugil curema;White mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1088;Mugil;hospes;359;Mugil hospes;Hospe mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1089;Mugil;incilis;359;Mugil incilis;Parassi mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1090;Mugil;liza;359;Mugil liza;Lebranche mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14701;Mugil;trichodon;359;Mugil trichodon;;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5983;Mulloidichthys;flavolineatus;332;Mulloidichthys flavolineatus;Yellowstripe goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1092;Mulloidichthys;martinicus;332;Mulloidichthys martinicus;Yellow goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5984;Mulloidichthys;vanicolensis;332;Mulloidichthys vanicolensis;Yellowfin goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=790;Mullus;barbatus+barbatus;332;Mullus barbatus barbatus;Red mullet;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25966;Mullus;barbatus+ponticus;332;Mullus barbatus ponticus;;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1327;Mullus;surmuletus;332;Mullus surmuletus;Surmullet;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63860;Muraena;augusti;56;Muraena augusti;;Muraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1729;Muraena;helena;56;Muraena helena;Mediterranean moray;Muraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5943;Mustelus;antarcticus;488;Mustelus antarcticus;Gummy shark;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5938;Mustelus;asterias;488;Mustelus asterias;Starry smooth-hound;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2538;Mustelus;californicus;488;Mustelus californicus;Gray smoothhound;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2539;Mustelus;canis;488;Mustelus canis;Dusky smooth-hound;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2540;Mustelus;henlei;488;Mustelus henlei;Brown smooth-hound;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5933;Mustelus;lenticulatus;488;Mustelus lenticulatus;Spotted estuary smooth-hound;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5941;Mustelus;manazo;488;Mustelus manazo;Starspotted smooth-hound;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4996;Mustelus;mustelus;488;Mustelus mustelus;Smooth-hound;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5937;Mustelus;schmitti;488;Mustelus schmitti;Narrownose smooth-hound;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1209;Mycteroperca;bonaci;289;Mycteroperca bonaci;Black grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1211;Mycteroperca;interstitialis;289;Mycteroperca interstitialis;Yellowmouth grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1212;Mycteroperca;microlepis;289;Mycteroperca microlepis;Gag;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8204;Mycteroperca;olfax;289;Mycteroperca olfax;Sailfin grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1213;Mycteroperca;phenax;289;Mycteroperca phenax;Scamp;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9398;Mycteroperca;rosacea;289;Mycteroperca rosacea;Leopard grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1214;Mycteroperca;rubra;289;Mycteroperca rubra;Mottled grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1215;Mycteroperca;tigris;289;Mycteroperca tigris;Tiger grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1216;Mycteroperca;venenosa;289;Mycteroperca venenosa;Yellowfin grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4490;Myctophum;nitidulum;167;Myctophum nitidulum;Pearly lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1328;Myctophum;punctatum;167;Myctophum punctatum;Spotted lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2582;Myliobatis;californica;22;Myliobatis californica;Bat eagle ray;Myliobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2235;Mylochromis;anaphyrmus;349;Mylochromis anaphyrmus;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4602;Mylopharyngodon;piceus;122;Mylopharyngodon piceus;Black carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=28030;Myloplus;rhomboidalis;686;Myloplus rhomboidalis;;Serrasalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23937;Myoxocephalus;brandtii;277;Myoxocephalus brandtii;;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4118;Myoxocephalus;jaok;277;Myoxocephalus jaok;Plain sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4120;Myoxocephalus;octodecemspinosus;277;Myoxocephalus octodecemspinosus;Longhorn sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4121;Myoxocephalus;polyacanthocephalus;277;Myoxocephalus polyacanthocephalus;Great sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4122;Myoxocephalus;quadricornis;277;Myoxocephalus quadricornis;Fourhorn sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1329;Myoxocephalus;scorpius;277;Myoxocephalus scorpius;Shorthorn sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13065;Myoxocephalus;stelleri;277;Myoxocephalus stelleri;Steller's sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7773;Myripristis;amaena;243;Myripristis amaena;Brick soldierfish;Holocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5408;Myripristis;murdjan;243;Myripristis murdjan;Pinecone soldierfish;Holocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24731;Mystus;tengara;130;Mystus tengara;Tengara catfish;Bagridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12823;Myxus;elongatus;359;Myxus elongatus;Sand grey mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10260;Nandus;nandus;346;Nandus nandus;Gangetic leaffish;Nandidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10567;Nannatherina;balstoni;288;Nannatherina balstoni;Balston's pygmy perch;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2734;Nannobrachium;regale;167;Nannobrachium regale;Pinpoint lampfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5371;Nannobrachium;ritteri;167;Nannobrachium ritteri;Broadfin lampfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4713;Nannoperca;vittata;288;Nannoperca vittata;Western pygmy perch;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6019;Naso;annulatus;412;Naso annulatus;Whitemargin unicornfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6020;Naso;brachycentron;412;Naso brachycentron;Humpback unicornfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6021;Naso;brevirostris;412;Naso brevirostris;Spotted unicornfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1263;Naso;hexacanthus;412;Naso hexacanthus;Sleek unicornfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1264;Naso;lituratus;412;Naso lituratus;Orangespine unicornfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6023;Naso;tuberosus;412;Naso tuberosus;Humpnose unicornfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1265;Naso;unicornis;412;Naso unicornis;Bluespine unicornfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6024;Naso;vlamingii;412;Naso vlamingii;Bignose unicornfish;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=998;Naucrates;ductor;314;Naucrates ductor;Pilotfish;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=897;Negaprion;brevirostris;11;Negaprion brevirostris;Lemon shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14549;Nelusetta;ayraud;517;Nelusetta ayraud;Chinaman-leatherjacket;Monacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22982;Nemacheilus;spiniferus;692;Nemacheilus spiniferus;;Nemacheilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24647;Nemacheilus;triangularis;692;Nemacheilus triangularis;;Nemacheilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10106;Nemadactylus;macropterus;355;Nemadactylus macropterus;Tarakihi;Cheilodactylidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5165;Nematabramis;everetti;122;Nematabramis everetti;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1616;Nematalosa;nasus;43;Nematalosa nasus;Bloch's gizzard shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1618;Nematalosa;vlaminghi;43;Nematalosa vlaminghi;Perth herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2660;Nemichthys;scolopaceus;52;Nemichthys scolopaceus;Slender snipe eel;Nemichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5847;Nemipterus;balinensoides;324;Nemipterus balinensoides;Dwarf threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4564;Nemipterus;bathybius;324;Nemipterus bathybius;Yellowbelly threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5851;Nemipterus;bipunctatus;324;Nemipterus bipunctatus;Delagoa threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5843;Nemipterus;furcosus;324;Nemipterus furcosus;Fork-tailed threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4565;Nemipterus;hexodon;324;Nemipterus hexodon;Ornate threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4559;Nemipterus;japonicus;324;Nemipterus japonicus;Japanese threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4566;Nemipterus;marginatus;324;Nemipterus marginatus;Red filament threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4567;Nemipterus;mesoprion;324;Nemipterus mesoprion;Mauvelip threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4558;Nemipterus;nematophorus;324;Nemipterus nematophorus;Doublewhip threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4568;Nemipterus;nemurus;324;Nemipterus nemurus;Redspine threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4554;Nemipterus;peronii;324;Nemipterus peronii;Notchedfin threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5852;Nemipterus;randalli;324;Nemipterus randalli;Randall's threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5844;Nemipterus;tambuloides;324;Nemipterus tambuloides;Fivelined threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5414;Nemipterus;thosaporni;324;Nemipterus thosaporni;Palefin threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=396;Nemipterus;virgatus;324;Nemipterus virgatus;Golden threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5855;Nemipterus;zysron;324;Nemipterus zysron;Slender threadfin bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11598;Neobola;stellae;122;Neobola stellae;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4512;Neoceratodus;forsteri;27;Neoceratodus forsteri;Australian lungfish;Neoceratodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4720;Neogobius;fluviatilis;405;Neogobius fluviatilis;Monkey goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12019;Neogobius;melanostomus;405;Neogobius melanostomus;Round goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4911;Neoniphon;sammara;243;Neoniphon sammara;Sammara squirrelfish;Holocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60144;Neosalanx;pseudotaihuensis;82;Neosalanx pseudotaihuensis;;Salangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55418;Neosalanx;taihuensis;82;Neosalanx taihuensis;;Salangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5521;Neoscorpis;lithophilus;339;Neoscorpis lithophilus;Stone-bream;Kyphosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4508;Neotrygon;kuhlii;20;Neotrygon kuhlii;Blue-spotted stingray;Dasyatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1331;Nerophis;ophidion;258;Nerophis ophidion;Straightnose pipefish;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10220;Netuma;thalassina;145;Netuma thalassina;Giant catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4997;Nezumia;aequalis;185;Nezumia aequalis;Common Atlantic grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3104;Nezumia;bairdii;185;Nezumia bairdii;Marlin-spike grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3105;Nezumia;sclerorhynchus;185;Nezumia sclerorhynchus;Roughtip grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3106;Nezumia;stelgidolepis;185;Nezumia stelgidolepis;California grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13015;Nibea;albiflora;331;Nibea albiflora;Yellow drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11003;Nibea;maculata;331;Nibea maculata;Blotched croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13507;Notarius;troschelii;145;Notarius troschelii;Chili sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9855;Nothobranchius;furzeri;642;Nothobranchius furzeri;Turquoise killifish;Nothobranchiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46850;Notolabrus;celidotus;362;Notolabrus celidotus;Spotty;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14422;Notolabrus;fucicola;362;Notolabrus fucicola;Yellow-saddled wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46823;Notolabrus;parilus;362;Notolabrus parilus;Brownspotted wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4553;Notolychnus;valdiviae;167;Notolychnus valdiviae;Topside lampfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2531;Notorynchus;cepedianus;5;Notorynchus cepedianus;Broadnose sevengill shark;Hexanchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=841;Notoscopelus;elongatus;167;Notoscopelus elongatus;;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=27753;Notoscopelus;kroyeri;167;Notoscopelus kroyeri;Lancet fish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4702;Notothenia;coriiceps;382;Notothenia coriiceps;Black rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4701;Notothenia;cyanobrancha;382;Notothenia cyanobrancha;Blue rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=468;Notothenia;rossii;382;Notothenia rossii;Marbled rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7048;Nototheniops;larseni;382;Nototheniops larseni;Painted notie;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2824;Notropis;atherinoides;122;Notropis atherinoides;Emerald shiner;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5610;Novaculichthys;taeniourus;362;Novaculichthys taeniourus;Rockmover wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4808;Nuchequula;blochii;318;Nuchequula blochii;Twoblotch ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4809;Nuchequula;gerreoides;318;Nuchequula gerreoides;Decorated ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4596;Nuchequula;nuchalis;318;Nuchequula nuchalis;Spotnape ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=850;Oblada;melanura;330;Oblada melanura;Saddled seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=188;Ocyurus;chrysurus;323;Ocyurus chrysurus;Yellowtail snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12840;Odax;pullus;363;Odax pullus;Butterfish;Odacidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4678;Odontesthes;bonariensis;623;Odontesthes bonariensis;Argentinian silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8172;Odontesthes;regia;623;Odontesthes regia;Chilean silverside;Atherinopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1655;Odontognathus;mucronatus;620;Odontognathus mucronatus;Guiana longfin herring;Pristigasteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=16324;Oedalechilus;labeo;359;Oedalechilus labeo;Boxlip mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15416;Okamejei;acutispina;19;Okamejei acutispina;Sharpspine skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4585;Okamejei;hollandi;19;Okamejei hollandi;Yellow-spotted skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4128;Oligocottus;maculosus;277;Oligocottus maculosus;Tidepool sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2686;Oncorhynchus;aguabonita;76;Oncorhynchus aguabonita;Golden trout;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=241;Oncorhynchus;keta;76;Oncorhynchus keta;Chum salmon;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=245;Oncorhynchus;kisutch;76;Oncorhynchus kisutch;Coho salmon;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=242;Oncorhynchus;masou+masou;76;Oncorhynchus masou masou;Masu salmon;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=239;Oncorhynchus;mykiss;76;Oncorhynchus mykiss;Rainbow trout;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=243;Oncorhynchus;nerka;76;Oncorhynchus nerka;Sockeye salmon;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12545;Oneirodes;acanthias;199;Oneirodes acanthias;Spiny dreamer;Oneirodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2658;Ophichthus;zophochir;66;Ophichthus zophochir;Yellow snake eel;Ophichthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=509;Ophiodon;elongatus;271;Ophiodon elongatus;Lingcod;Hexagrammidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=56982;Ophthalmolepis;lineolata;362;Ophthalmolepis lineolata;Maori wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1484;Opisthonema;libertate;43;Opisthonema libertate;Pacific thread herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1486;Opisthonema;oglinum;43;Opisthonema oglinum;Atlantic thread herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3067;Opsanus;beta;189;Opsanus beta;Gulf toadfish;Batrachoididae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3069;Opsanus;tau;189;Opsanus tau;Oyster toadfish;Batrachoididae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63715;Orectolobus;halei;7;Orectolobus halei;Banded wobbegong;Orectolobidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=758;Orectolobus;maculatus;7;Orectolobus maculatus;Spotted wobbegong;Orectolobidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=759;Orectolobus;ornatus;7;Orectolobus ornatus;Ornate wobbegong;Orectolobidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1399;Oreochromis;andersonii;349;Oreochromis andersonii;Three spotted tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1387;Oreochromis;aureus;349;Oreochromis aureus;Blue tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1431;Oreochromis;esculentus;349;Oreochromis esculentus;Singida tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2042;Oreochromis;karongae;349;Oreochromis karongae;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1413;Oreochromis;leucostictus;349;Oreochromis leucostictus;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2045;Oreochromis;lidole;349;Oreochromis lidole;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1396;Oreochromis;macrochir;349;Oreochromis macrochir;Longfin tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1415;Oreochromis;mortimeri;349;Oreochromis mortimeri;Kariba tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3;Oreochromis;mossambicus;349;Oreochromis mossambicus;Mozambique tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2;Oreochromis;niloticus;349;Oreochromis niloticus;Nile tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2043;Oreochromis;saka;349;Oreochromis saka;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1432;Oreochromis;shiranus;349;Oreochromis shiranus;Tilapia shiranus;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1416;Oreochromis;spilurus;349;Oreochromis spilurus;Sabaki tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2044;Oreochromis;squamipinnis;349;Oreochromis squamipinnis;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1430;Oreochromis;variabilis;349;Oreochromis variabilis;Victoria tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13724;Orthopristis;reddingi;327;Orthopristis reddingi;Bronze-striped grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1145;Orthopristis;ruber;327;Orthopristis ruber;Corocoro grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4669;Oryzias;latipes;210;Oryzias latipes;Japanese rice fish;Adrianichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22635;Osmerus;dentex;80;Osmerus dentex;Pacific rainbow smelt;Osmeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1334;Osmerus;eperlanus;80;Osmerus eperlanus;European smelt;Osmeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=253;Osmerus;mordax;80;Osmerus mordax;Rainbow smelt;Osmeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17438;Osteochilus;kahajanensis;122;Osteochilus kahajanensis;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=277;Osteochilus;vittatus;122;Osteochilus vittatus;Bonylip barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1299;Osteogeneiosus;militaris;145;Osteogeneiosus militaris;Soldier catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4600;Ostorhinchus;cyanosoma;304;Ostorhinchus cyanosoma;Yellowstriped cardinalfish;Apogonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14355;Othos;dentex;289;Othos dentex;Harlequin fish;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13675;Otolithes;cuvieri;331;Otolithes cuvieri;Lesser tigertooth croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4824;Otolithes;ruber;331;Otolithes ruber;Tigertooth croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4570;Otolithoides;biauritus;331;Otolithoides biauritus;Bronze croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47639;Oxydoras;kneri;146;Oxydoras kneri;;Doradidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12112;Oxyporhamphus;micropterus;475;Oxyporhamphus micropterus;Bigwing halfbeak;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5999;Pachymetopon;aeneum;330;Pachymetopon aeneum;Blue hottentot;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5505;Pachymetopon;blochii;330;Pachymetopon blochii;Hottentot seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5532;Pachymetopon;grande;330;Pachymetopon grande;Bronze seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6345;Padogobius;nigricans;405;Padogobius nigricans;Arno goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=889;Pagellus;acarne;330;Pagellus acarne;Axillary seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14398;Pagellus;affinis;330;Pagellus affinis;Arabian pandora;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=436;Pagellus;bellottii;330;Pagellus bellottii;Red pandora;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=890;Pagellus;bogaraveo;330;Pagellus bogaraveo;Blackspot seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=893;Pagellus;erythrinus;330;Pagellus erythrinus;Common pandora;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=437;Pagellus;natalensis;330;Pagellus natalensis;Natal pandora;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7049;Pagothenia;borchgrevinki;382;Pagothenia borchgrevinki;Bald notothen;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6426;Pagrus;auratus;330;Pagrus auratus;Silver seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4540;Pagrus;caeruleostictus;330;Pagrus caeruleostictus;Bluespotted seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=445;Pagrus;major;330;Pagrus major;Red seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1756;Pagrus;pagrus;330;Pagrus pagrus;Red porgy;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51033;Palmoliparis;beckeri;615;Palmoliparis beckeri;Gloved snailfish;Liparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=491;Pampus;argenteus;425;Pampus argenteus;Silver pomfret;Stromateidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8187;Pampus;chinensis;425;Pampus chinensis;Chinese silver pomfret;Stromateidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=292;Pangasius;pangasius;134;Pangasius pangasius;Pangas catfish;Pangasiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12276;Pangio;kuhlii;127;Pangio kuhlii;Coolie loach;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65804;Pangio;muraeniformis;127;Pangio muraeniformis;;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5063;Papyrocranus;afer;37;Papyrocranus afer;Reticulate knifefish;Notopteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=16330;Parablennius;ruber;392;Parablennius ruber;Portuguese blenny;Blenniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=282;Parabramis;pekinensis;122;Parabramis pekinensis;White amur bream;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=191;Paracaesio;kusakarii;323;Paracaesio kusakarii;Saddle-back snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=193;Paracaesio;stonei;323;Paracaesio stonei;Cocoa snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54127;Paracanthobrama;guichenoti;122;Paracanthobrama guichenoti;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4590;Paracentropogon;rubripinnis;577;Paracentropogon rubripinnis;;Tetrarogidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48036;Paracottus;knerii;278;Paracottus knerii;Stone sculpin;Cottocomephoridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5433;Paracrossochilus;acerus;122;Paracrossochilus acerus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9182;Parahucho;perryi;76;Parahucho perryi;Japanese huchen;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9372;Parailia;pellucida;133;Parailia pellucida;Glass schilbid;Schilbeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5372;Parajulis;poecilepterus;362;Parajulis poecilepterus;;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14238;Paralabrax;auroguttatus;289;Paralabrax auroguttatus;Goldspotted sand bass;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3335;Paralabrax;clathratus;289;Paralabrax clathratus;Kelp bass;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3336;Paralabrax;maculatofasciatus;289;Paralabrax maculatofasciatus;Spotted sand bass;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4228;Paralichthys;californicus;514;Paralichthys californicus;California flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1338;Paralichthys;dentatus;514;Paralichthys dentatus;Summer flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54747;Paralichthys;isosceles;514;Paralichthys isosceles;;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=981;Paralichthys;lethostigma;514;Paralichthys lethostigma;Southern flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1351;Paralichthys;olivaceus;514;Paralichthys olivaceus;Bastard halibut;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26369;Paralichthys;orbignyanus;514;Paralichthys orbignyanus;;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14127;Paralichthys;patagonicus;514;Paralichthys patagonicus;Patagonian flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10130;Parambassis;ranga;509;Parambassis ranga;Indian glassy fish;Ambassidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17244;Paramisgurnus;dabryanus;127;Paramisgurnus dabryanus;;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7051;Paranotothenia;magellanica;382;Paranotothenia magellanica;Magellanic rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1217;Paranthias;furcifer;289;Paranthias furcifer;Creole-fish;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=464;Parapercis;colias;371;Parapercis colias;New Zealand blue cod;Pinguipedidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7866;Parapercis;hexophtalma;371;Parapercis hexophtalma;Speckled sandperch;Pinguipedidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4584;Parapristipoma;trilineatum;327;Parapristipoma trilineatum;Chicken grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55177;Parargyrops;edita;330;Parargyrops edita;;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5860;Parascolopsis;inermis;324;Parascolopsis inermis;Unarmed dwarf monocle bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1947;Parastromateus;niger;314;Parastromateus niger;Black pomfret;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1037;Parexocoetus;brachypterus;206;Parexocoetus brachypterus;Sailfin flyingfish;Exocoetidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12470;Parma;microlepis;350;Parma microlepis;White-ear scalyfin;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=56973;Parodon;nasus;603;Parodon nasus;;Parodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4248;Parophrys;vetulus;440;Parophrys vetulus;English sole;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5987;Parupeneus;barberinus;332;Parupeneus barberinus;Dash-and-dot goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10470;Parupeneus;chrysopleuron;332;Parupeneus chrysopleuron;Yellow striped goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10994;Parupeneus;forsskali;332;Parupeneus forsskali;Red Sea goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5991;Parupeneus;heptacanthus;332;Parupeneus heptacanthus;Cinnabar goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7878;Parupeneus;macronemus;332;Parupeneus macronemus;Long-barbel goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5993;Parupeneus;multifasciatus;332;Parupeneus multifasciatus;Manybar goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12604;Parupeneus;porphyreus;332;Parupeneus porphyreus;;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54742;Patagonotothen;guntheri;382;Patagonotothen guntheri;Yellowfin notothen;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10308;Patagonotothen;ramsayi;382;Patagonotothen ramsayi;Longtail southern cod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1762;Pegusa;impar;441;Pegusa impar;Adriatic sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1336;Pegusa;lascaris;441;Pegusa lascaris;Sand sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12852;Pelates;octolineatus;299;Pelates octolineatus;Western striped grunter;Terapontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=283;Pelecus;cultratus;122;Pelecus cultratus;Sichel;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1641;Pellona;ditchela;620;Pellona ditchela;Indian pellona;Pristigasteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1536;Pellonula;leonensis;43;Pellonula leonensis;Smalltoothed pellonula;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2489;Pelmatolapia;mariae;349;Pelmatolapia mariae;Spotted tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=28050;Pelteobagrus;ussuriensis;130;Pelteobagrus ussuriensis;Ussuri catfish;Bagridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47000;Pempheris;adspersa;334;Pempheris adspersa;;Pempheridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13664;Pennahia;anea;331;Pennahia anea;Donkey croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=434;Pennahia;argentata;331;Pennahia argentata;Silver croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8321;Pennahia;macrocephalus;331;Pennahia macrocephalus;Big-head pennah croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3611;Pentaceros;richardsoni;345;Pentaceros richardsoni;Pelagic armourhead;Pentacerotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=342;Pentanemus;quinquarius;361;Pentanemus quinquarius;Royal threadfin;Polynemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4448;Pentaprion;longimanus;326;Pentaprion longimanus;Longfin mojarra;Gerreidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3924;Peprilus;burti;425;Peprilus burti;Gulf butterfish;Stromateidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=492;Peprilus;triacanthus;425;Peprilus triacanthus;Atlantic butterfish;Stromateidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=359;Perca;flavescens;306;Perca flavescens;American yellow perch;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=358;Perca;fluviatilis;306;Perca fluviatilis;European perch;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4639;Perca;schrenkii;306;Perca schrenkii;Balkhash perch;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4696;Perccottus;glenii;549;Perccottus glenii;Chinese sleeper;Odontobutidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12129;Percichthys;trucha;288;Percichthys trucha;Creole perch;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=465;Percophis;brasiliensis;370;Percophis brasiliensis;Brazilian flathead;Percophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3065;Percopsis;omiscomaycus;176;Percopsis omiscomaycus;Trout-perch;Percopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3066;Percopsis;transmontana;176;Percopsis transmontana;Sand roller;Percopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12803;Periophthalmus;barbarus;405;Periophthalmus barbarus;Atlantic mudskipper;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1746;Peristedion;cataphractum;581;Peristedion cataphractum;African armoured searobin;Peristediidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4815;Pethia;ticto;122;Pethia ticto;Ticto barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2399;Petrocephalus;bovei;40;Petrocephalus bovei;;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8380;Petrocephalus;catostoma;40;Petrocephalus catostoma;Churchill;Mormyridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2530;Petromyzon;marinus;1;Petromyzon marinus;Sea lamprey;Petromyzontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=447;Petrus;rupestris;330;Petrus rupestris;Red steenbras;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5365;Pharyngochromis;darlingi;349;Pharyngochromis darlingi;Zambezi happy;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3804;Pholis;gunnellus;395;Pholis gunnellus;Rock gunnel;Pholidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10388;Pholis;nebulosa;395;Pholis nebulosa;Tidepool gunnel;Pholidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4449;Photopectoralis;bindus;318;Photopectoralis bindus;Orangefin ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4661;Phoxinus;phoxinus;122;Phoxinus phoxinus;Eurasian minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1340;Phycis;blennoides;506;Phycis blennoides;Greater forkbeard;Phycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1747;Phycis;phycis;506;Phycis phycis;Forkbeard;Phycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14267;Phyllopteryx;taeniolatus;258;Phyllopteryx taeniolatus;Common seadragon;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5808;Piaractus;brachypomus;686;Piaractus brachypomus;Pirapitinga;Serrasalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23450;Pimelodus;albicans;150;Pimelodus albicans;;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7556;Pimelodus;blochii;150;Pimelodus blochii;Bloch's catfish;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12122;Pimelodus;grosskopfii;150;Pimelodus grosskopfii;Capaz;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4785;Pimephales;promelas;122;Pimephales promelas;Fathead minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12288;Plagiogeneion;rubiginosum;322;Plagiogeneion rubiginosum;Rubyfish;Emmelichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4310;Plagioscion;squamosissimus;331;Plagioscion squamosissimus;South American silver croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12081;Plagioscion;surinamensis;331;Plagioscion surinamensis;Pacora;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1341;Platichthys;flesus;440;Platichthys flesus;European flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4249;Platichthys;stellatus;440;Platichthys stellatus;Starry flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4873;Platycephalus;bassensis;273;Platycephalus bassensis;Southern sand flathead;Platycephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4874;Platycephalus;caeruleopunctatus;273;Platycephalus caeruleopunctatus;Blue-spotted flathead;Platycephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49820;Platycephalus;fuscus;273;Platycephalus fuscus;Dusky flathead;Platycephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=950;Platycephalus;indicus;273;Platycephalus indicus;Bartail flathead;Platycephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4705;Platycephalus;richardsoni;273;Platycephalus richardsoni;Tiger flathead;Platycephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3552;Platycephalus;speculator;273;Platycephalus speculator;Southern bluespotted flathead;Platycephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6366;Plectorhinchus;gibbosus;327;Plectorhinchus gibbosus;Harry hotlips;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6940;Plectorhinchus;lineatus;327;Plectorhinchus lineatus;Yellowbanded sweetlips;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=398;Plectorhinchus;mediterraneus;327;Plectorhinchus mediterraneus;Rubberlip grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8315;Plectorhinchus;pictus;327;Plectorhinchus pictus;Trout sweetlips;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6370;Plectorhinchus;picus;327;Plectorhinchus picus;Painted sweetlip;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7626;Plectorhinchus;sordidus;327;Plectorhinchus sordidus;Sordid rubberlip;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7372;Plectropomus;laevis;289;Plectropomus laevis;Blacksaddled coralgrouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4826;Plectropomus;leopardus;289;Plectropomus leopardus;Leopard coralgrouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4886;Plectropomus;maculatus;289;Plectropomus maculatus;Spotted coralgrouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=472;Pleuragramma;antarctica;382;Pleuragramma antarctica;Antarctic silverfish;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4037;Pleurogrammus;monopterygius;271;Pleurogrammus monopterygius;Atka mackerel;Hexagrammidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1342;Pleuronectes;platessa;440;Pleuronectes platessa;European plaice;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4250;Pleuronectes;quadrituberculatus;440;Pleuronectes quadrituberculatus;Alaska plaice;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8551;Pleuronichthys;cornutus;440;Pleuronichthys cornutus;Ridged-eye flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1287;Plicofollis;dussumieri;145;Plicofollis dussumieri;Blacktip sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1297;Plicofollis;tenuispinis;145;Plicofollis tenuispinis;Thinspine sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4706;Plotosus;lineatus;149;Plotosus lineatus;Striped eel catfish;Plotosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3228;Poecilia;reticulata;216;Poecilia reticulata;Guppy;Poeciliidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=425;Pogonias;cromis;331;Pogonias cromis;Black drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=34;Pollachius;pollachius;183;Pollachius pollachius;Pollack;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1343;Pollachius;virens;183;Pollachius virens;Saithe;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4492;Polydactylus;multiradiatus;361;Polydactylus multiradiatus;Australian threadfin;Polynemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1110;Polydactylus;octonemus;361;Polydactylus octonemus;Atlantic threadfin;Polynemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5002;Polydactylus;quadrifilis;361;Polydactylus quadrifilis;Giant African threadfin;Polynemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4470;Polydactylus;sextarius;361;Polydactylus sextarius;Blackspot threadfin;Polynemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7557;Polymixia;nobilis;238;Polymixia nobilis;Stout beardfish;Polymixiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52809;Polymixia;yuri;238;Polymixia yuri;;Polymixiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=174;Polyodon;spathula;33;Polyodon spathula;Mississippi paddlefish;Polyodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=349;Polyprion;americanus;513;Polyprion americanus;Wreckfish;Polyprionidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=350;Polyprion;oxygeneios;513;Polyprion oxygeneios;Hapuku wreckfish;Polyprionidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5024;Polypterus;senegalus;31;Polypterus senegalus;Gray bichir;Polypteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4542;Polysteganus;undulosus;330;Polysteganus undulosus;Seventyfour seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7903;Pomacanthus;maculosus;460;Pomacanthus maculosus;Yellowbar angelfish;Pomacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1118;Pomacanthus;paru;460;Pomacanthus paru;French angelfish;Pomacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5724;Pomacentrus;moluccensis;350;Pomacentrus moluccensis;Lemon damsel;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10281;Pomacentrus;wardi;350;Pomacentrus wardi;Ward's damsel;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=399;Pomadasys;argenteus;327;Pomadasys argenteus;Silver grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4823;Pomadasys;argyreus;327;Pomadasys argyreus;Bluecheek silver grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5126;Pomadasys;commersonnii;327;Pomadasys commersonnii;Smallspotted grunter;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5003;Pomadasys;incisus;327;Pomadasys incisus;Bastard grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4708;Pomadasys;jubelini;327;Pomadasys jubelini;Sompat grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6006;Pomadasys;kaakan;327;Pomadasys kaakan;Javelin grunter;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4447;Pomadasys;maculatus;327;Pomadasys maculatus;Saddle grunt;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7301;Pomadasys;striatus;327;Pomadasys striatus;Striped grunter;Haemulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=364;Pomatomus;saltatrix;311;Pomatomus saltatrix;Bluefish;Pomatomidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9190;Pomatoschistus;lozanoi;405;Pomatoschistus lozanoi;Lozano's goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1344;Pomatoschistus;microps;405;Pomatoschistus microps;Common goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1345;Pomatoschistus;minutus;405;Pomatoschistus minutus;Sand goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3388;Pomoxis;nigromaculatus;302;Pomoxis nigromaculatus;Black crappie;Centrarchidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25982;Ponticola;syrman;405;Ponticola syrman;Syrman goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5007;Pontinus;kuhlii;264;Pontinus kuhlii;Offshore rockfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12925;Porichthys;porosissimus;189;Porichthys porosissimus;;Batrachoididae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5117;Poromitra;crassiceps;233;Poromitra crassiceps;Crested bigscale;Melamphaidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1571;Potamalosa;richmondia;43;Potamalosa richmondia;Freshwater herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6382;Potamotrygon;motoro;21;Potamotrygon motoro;South American freshwater stingray;Potamotrygonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25514;Potamotrygon;scobina;21;Potamotrygon scobina;Raspy river stingray;Potamotrygonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1149;Priacanthus;arenatus;303;Priacanthus arenatus;Atlantic bigeye;Priacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5791;Priacanthus;hamrur;303;Priacanthus hamrur;Moontail bullseye;Priacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=356;Priacanthus;macracanthus;303;Priacanthus macracanthus;Red bigeye;Priacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4651;Priacanthus;tayenus;303;Priacanthus tayenus;Purple-spotted bigeye;Priacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=898;Prionace;glauca;11;Prionace glauca;Blue shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14256;Prionotus;albirostris;266;Prionotus albirostris;Whitesnout searobin;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1243;Prionotus;carolinus;266;Prionotus carolinus;Northern searobin;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1244;Prionotus;evolans;266;Prionotus evolans;Striped searobin;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14029;Prionotus;nudigula;266;Prionotus nudigula;Red searobin;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1245;Prionotus;punctatus;266;Prionotus punctatus;Bluewing searobin;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4029;Prionotus;stephanophrys;266;Prionotus stephanophrys;Lumptail searobin;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=199;Pristipomoides;argyrogrammicus;323;Pristipomoides argyrogrammicus;Ornate jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=200;Pristipomoides;auricilla;323;Pristipomoides auricilla;Goldflag jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=201;Pristipomoides;filamentosus;323;Pristipomoides filamentosus;Crimson jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=202;Pristipomoides;flavipinnis;323;Pristipomoides flavipinnis;Golden eye jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=208;Pristipomoides;multidens;323;Pristipomoides multidens;Goldbanded jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=209;Pristipomoides;sieboldii;323;Pristipomoides sieboldii;Lavender jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=210;Pristipomoides;typus;323;Pristipomoides typus;Sharptooth jobfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=211;Pristipomoides;zonatus;323;Pristipomoides zonatus;Oblique-banded snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51176;Pristis;perotteti;16;Pristis perotteti;Large-tooth sawfish;Pristidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10318;Pristolepis;fasciata;693;Pristolepis fasciata;Malayan leaffish;Pristolepididae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8127;Pristotis;obtusirostris;350;Pristotis obtusirostris;Gulf damselfish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51245;Prochilodus;brevis;598;Prochilodus brevis;Brazilian bocachico;Prochilodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13056;Prochilodus;lineatus;598;Prochilodus lineatus;Streaked prochilod;Prochilodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26150;Prochilodus;magdalenae;598;Prochilodus magdalenae;;Prochilodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11894;Prochilodus;nigricans;598;Prochilodus nigricans;Black prochilodus;Prochilodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5491;Prochilodus;reticulatus;598;Prochilodus reticulatus;Netted prochilod;Prochilodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55401;Procypris;rabaudi;122;Procypris rabaudi;Rock carp;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13350;Proeutropiichthys;taakree;133;Proeutropiichthys taakree;;Schilbeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5008;Promethichthys;prometheus;414;Promethichthys prometheus;Roudi escolar;Gempylidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3328;Pronotogrammus;martinicensis;289;Pronotogrammus martinicensis;Roughtongue bass;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2680;Prosopium;abyssicola;76;Prosopium abyssicola;Bear Lake whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2681;Prosopium;coulterii;76;Prosopium coulterii;Pygmy whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2682;Prosopium;cylindraceum;76;Prosopium cylindraceum;Round whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2683;Prosopium;gemmifer;76;Prosopium gemmifer;Bonneville cisco;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2684;Prosopium;spilonotus;76;Prosopium spilonotus;Bonneville whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2685;Prosopium;williamsoni;76;Prosopium williamsoni;Mountain whitefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4571;Protonibea;diacanthus;331;Protonibea diacanthus;Blackspotted croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12236;Protosalanx;hyalocranius;82;Protosalanx hyalocranius;Clearhead icefish;Salangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6199;Prototroctes;maraena;77;Prototroctes maraena;Australian grayling;Retropinnidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=497;Psenopsis;anomala;421;Psenopsis anomala;Pacific rudderfish;Centrolophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=513;Psettodes;erumei;437;Psettodes erumei;Indian halibut;Psettodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6568;Pseudanthias;squamipinnis;289;Pseudanthias squamipinnis;Sea goldie;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12011;Pseudaphritis;urvillii;594;Pseudaphritis urvillii;Congolli;Pseudaphritidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8409;Pseudapocryptes;elongatus;405;Pseudapocryptes elongatus;;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46597;Pseudaspius;leptocephalus;122;Pseudaspius leptocephalus;Redfin;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6027;Pseudobalistes;flavimarginatus;445;Pseudobalistes flavimarginatus;Yellowmargin triggerfish;Balistidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9817;Pseudobarbus;afer;122;Pseudobarbus afer;Eastern Cape redfin;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9924;Pseudobarbus;asper;122;Pseudobarbus asper;Smallscale redfin;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12541;Pseudobathylagus;milleri;84;Pseudobathylagus milleri;Stout blacksmelt;Bathylagidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2549;Pseudobatos;productus;17;Pseudobatos productus;Shovelnose guitarfish;Rhinobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1002;Pseudocaranx;dentex;314;Pseudocaranx dentex;White trevally;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=475;Pseudochaenichthys;georgianus;384;Pseudochaenichthys georgianus;South Georgia icefish;Channichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10431;Pseudochondrostoma;polylepis;122;Pseudochondrostoma polylepis;Iberian nase;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6891;Pseudocrenilabrus;philander;349;Pseudocrenilabrus philander;Southern mouthbrooder;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7151;Pseudocyttus;maculatus;250;Pseudocyttus maculatus;Smooth oreo dory;Oreosomatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=52637;Pseudophoxinus;antalyae;122;Pseudophoxinus antalyae;Antalya minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2020;Pseudophycis;bachus;180;Pseudophycis bachus;Red codling;Moridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8674;Pseudoplatystoma;corruscans;150;Pseudoplatystoma corruscans;Spotted sorubim;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6410;Pseudoplatystoma;fasciatum;150;Pseudoplatystoma fasciatum;Barred sorubim;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63539;Pseudoplatystoma;magdaleniatum;150;Pseudoplatystoma magdaleniatum;;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8695;Pseudoplatystoma;tigrinum;150;Pseudoplatystoma tigrinum;Tiger sorubim;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=524;Pseudopleuronectes;americanus;440;Pseudopleuronectes americanus;Winter flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8556;Pseudopleuronectes;herzensteini;440;Pseudopleuronectes herzensteini;Yellow striped flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8170;Pseudopleuronectes;yokohamae;440;Pseudopleuronectes yokohamae;Marbled flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4691;Pseudorasbora;parva;122;Pseudorasbora parva;Stone moroko;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1325;Pseudorhombus;arsius;514;Pseudorhombus arsius;Largetooth flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4576;Pseudorhombus;cinnamoneus;514;Pseudorhombus cinnamoneus;Cinnamon flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1333;Pseudorhombus;elevatus;514;Pseudorhombus elevatus;Deep flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1335;Pseudorhombus;javanicus;514;Pseudorhombus javanicus;Javan flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4634;Pseudoscaphirhynchus;kaufmanni;32;Pseudoscaphirhynchus kaufmanni;Amu Darya sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=433;Pseudotolithus;elongatus;331;Pseudotolithus elongatus;Bobo croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=432;Pseudotolithus;senegalensis;331;Pseudotolithus senegalensis;Cassava croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4550;Pseudotolithus;typus;331;Pseudotolithus typus;Longneck croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2536;Pseudotriakis;microdon;498;Pseudotriakis microdon;False catshark;Pseudotriakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1094;Pseudupeneus;maculatus;332;Pseudupeneus maculatus;Spotted goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=453;Pseudupeneus;prayensis;332;Pseudupeneus prayensis;West African goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15426;Pterapogon;kauderni;304;Pterapogon kauderni;Banggai cardinal fish;Apogonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=936;Pterocaesio;pisang;459;Pterocaesio pisang;Banana fusilier;Caesionidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12109;Pterodoras;granulosus;146;Pterodoras granulosus;Granulated catfish;Doradidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=448;Pterogymnus;laniarius;330;Pterogymnus laniarius;Panga seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5195;Pterois;volitans;264;Pterois volitans;Red lionfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2576;Pteroplatytrygon;violacea;20;Pteroplatytrygon violacea;Pelagic stingray;Dasyatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54494;Ptychobarbus;dipogon;122;Ptychobarbus dipogon;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2940;Ptychocheilus;oregonensis;122;Ptychocheilus oregonensis;Northern pikeminnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3273;Pungitius;pungitius;260;Pungitius pungitius;Ninespine stickleback;Gasterosteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10796;Puntius;chola;122;Puntius chola;Swamp barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13193;Puntius;dorsalis;122;Puntius dorsalis;Long snouted barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10137;Puntius;sophore;122;Puntius sophore;Pool barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4501;Pygocentrus;nattereri;686;Pygocentrus nattereri;Red piranha;Serrasalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3542;Rachycentron;canadum;312;Rachycentron canadum;Cobia;Rachycentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1658;Raconda;russeliana;620;Raconda russeliana;Raconda;Pristigasteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10347;Raiamas;moorii;122;Raiamas moorii;Lake Rukwa minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4552;Raja;brachyura;19;Raja brachyura;Blonde ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2059;Raja;clavata;19;Raja clavata;Thornback ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1252;Raja;eglanteria;19;Raja eglanteria;Clearnose skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5492;Raja;microocellata;19;Raja microocellata;Small-eyed ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5014;Raja;miraletus;19;Raja miraletus;Brown ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4329;Raja;montagui;19;Raja montagui;Spotted ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2566;Raja;rhina;19;Raja rhina;Longnose skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2570;Raja;stellulata;19;Raja stellulata;Starry skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1254;Raja;texana;19;Raja texana;Roundel skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7617;Raja;undulata;19;Raja undulata;Undulate ray;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10351;Rasbora;bankanensis;122;Rasbora bankanensis;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5493;Rasbora;daniconius;122;Rasbora daniconius;Slender rasbora;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10370;Rasbora;dusonensis;122;Rasbora dusonensis;Rosefin rasbora;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5437;Rasbora;sumatrana;122;Rasbora sumatrana;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=109;Rastrelliger;brachysoma;416;Rastrelliger brachysoma;Short mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=110;Rastrelliger;faughni;416;Rastrelliger faughni;Island mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=111;Rastrelliger;kanagurta;416;Rastrelliger kanagurta;Indian mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=281;Rastrineobola;argentea;122;Rastrineobola argentea;Silver cyprinid;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=516;Reinhardtius;hippoglossoides;440;Reinhardtius hippoglossoides;Greenland halibut;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6511;Retropinna;semoni;77;Retropinna semoni;Australian smelt;Retropinnidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8490;Rexea;solandri;414;Rexea solandri;Silver gemfish;Gempylidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5747;Rhabdamia;gracilis;304;Rhabdamia gracilis;Luminous cardinalfish;Apogonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=449;Rhabdosargus;globiceps;330;Rhabdosargus globiceps;White stumpnose;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5368;Rhabdosargus;sarba;330;Rhabdosargus sarba;Goldlined seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2081;Rhincodon;typus;6;Rhincodon typus;Whale shark;Rhincodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5839;Rhinecanthus;aculeatus;445;Rhinecanthus aculeatus;White-banded triggerfish;Balistidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=48588;Rhinelepis;aspera;157;Rhinelepis aspera;;Loricariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5016;Rhinobatos;rhinobatos;17;Rhinobatos rhinobatos;Common guitarfish;Rhinobatidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60226;Rhinogobius;cliffordpopei;405;Rhinogobius cliffordpopei;;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=15825;Rhinogobius;giurinus;405;Rhinogobius giurinus;;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=899;Rhizoprionodon;acutus;11;Rhizoprionodon acutus;Milk shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=903;Rhizoprionodon;porosus;11;Rhizoprionodon porosus;Caribbean sharpnose shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=904;Rhizoprionodon;taylori;11;Rhizoprionodon taylori;Australian sharpnose shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=905;Rhizoprionodon;terraenovae;11;Rhizoprionodon terraenovae;Atlantic sharpnose shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4483;Rhodeus;amarus;122;Rhodeus amarus;European bitterling;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4784;Rhodeus;ocellatus;122;Rhodeus ocellatus;Rosy bitterling;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2948;Rhodeus;sericeus;122;Rhodeus sericeus;Bitterling;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=213;Rhomboplites;aurorubens;323;Rhomboplites aurorubens;Vermilion snapper;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12949;Rhombosolea;leporina;440;Rhombosolea leporina;Yellowbelly flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12950;Rhombosolea;plebeia;440;Rhombosolea plebeia;Sand flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8889;Rhombosolea;tapirina;440;Rhombosolea tapirina;Greenback flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47819;Rhynchocypris;czekanowskii;122;Rhynchocypris czekanowskii;Czekanowski's minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25959;Rhynchocypris;percnurus;122;Rhynchocypris percnurus;Lake minnow;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4666;Rhynchorhamphus;georgii;475;Rhynchorhamphus georgii;Long billed half beak;Hemiramphidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47347;Romanogobio;tenuicorpus;122;Romanogobio tenuicorpus;Amur whitefin gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3588;Roncador;stearnsii;331;Roncador stearnsii;Spotfin croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4317;Rondeletia;loricata;676;Rondeletia loricata;Redmouth whalefish;Rondeletiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4575;Rudarius;ercodes;517;Rudarius ercodes;Whitespotted pygmy filefish;Monacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65244;Rutilus;caspicus;122;Rutilus caspicus;Caspian roach;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8416;Rutilus;frisii;122;Rutilus frisii;Kutum;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65243;Rutilus;kutum;122;Rutilus kutum;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=272;Rutilus;rutilus;122;Rutilus rutilus;Roach;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22911;Sabanejewia;aurata;127;Sabanejewia aurata;Golden spined loach;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49108;Sabanejewia;balcanica;127;Sabanejewia balcanica;Balcan spined loach;Cobitidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5198;Sagamichthys;abei;87;Sagamichthys abei;Shining tubeshoulder;Platytroctidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=24148;Sahyadria;denisonii;122;Sahyadria denisonii;Denison barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1701;Salaria;pavo;392;Salaria pavo;Peacock blenny;Blenniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=56329;Salminus;brasiliensis;687;Salminus brasiliensis;Dorado;Bryconidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65956;Salmo;lourosensis;76;Salmo lourosensis;;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6210;Salmo;obtusirostris;76;Salmo obtusirostris;Adriatic trout;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=236;Salmo;salar;76;Salmo salar;Atlantic salmon;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=238;Salmo;trutta;76;Salmo trutta;Sea trout;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=247;Salvelinus;alpinus+alpinus;76;Salvelinus alpinus alpinus;Arctic char;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=246;Salvelinus;fontinalis;76;Salvelinus fontinalis;Brook trout;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6411;Salvelinus;leucomaenis+leucomaenis;76;Salvelinus leucomaenis leucomaenis;Whitespotted char;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2691;Salvelinus;malma;76;Salvelinus malma;Dolly varden;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=248;Salvelinus;namaycush;76;Salvelinus namaycush;Lake trout;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10053;Sandelia;bainsii;426;Sandelia bainsii;Rocky kurper;Anabantidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3515;Sander;canadensis;306;Sander canadensis;Sauger;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=360;Sander;lucioperca;306;Sander lucioperca;Pike-perch;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3516;Sander;vitreus;306;Sander vitreus;Walleye;Percidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47348;Sarcocheilichthys;czerskii;122;Sarcocheilichthys czerskii;Cherskii's thicklip gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=61866;Sarcocheilichthys;lacustris;122;Sarcocheilichthys lacustris;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=113;Sarda;chiliensis;416;Sarda chiliensis;Eastern Pacific bonito;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4796;Sarda;lineolata;416;Sarda lineolata;Pacific bonito;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=114;Sarda;orientalis;416;Sarda orientalis;Striped bonito;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=115;Sarda;sarda;416;Sarda sarda;Atlantic bonito;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1350;Sardina;pilchardus;43;Sardina pilchardus;European pilchard;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1502;Sardinella;albella;43;Sardinella albella;White sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1043;Sardinella;aurita;43;Sardinella aurita;Round sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1505;Sardinella;brasiliensis;43;Sardinella brasiliensis;Brazilian sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1507;Sardinella;fimbriata;43;Sardinella fimbriata;Fringescale sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1508;Sardinella;gibbosa;43;Sardinella gibbosa;Goldstripe sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1509;Sardinella;jussieu;43;Sardinella jussieu;Mauritian sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1510;Sardinella;lemuru;43;Sardinella lemuru;Bali sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1511;Sardinella;longiceps;43;Sardinella longiceps;Indian oil sardine;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1047;Sardinella;maderensis;43;Sardinella maderensis;Madeiran sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1513;Sardinella;melanura;43;Sardinella melanura;Blacktip sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1517;Sardinella;sindensis;43;Sardinella sindensis;Sind sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1518;Sardinella;tawilis;43;Sardinella tawilis;Freshwater sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1519;Sardinella;zunasi;43;Sardinella zunasi;Japanese sardinella;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1477;Sardinops;sagax;43;Sardinops sagax;South American pilchard;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4699;Sargocentron;diadema;243;Sargocentron diadema;Crown squirrelfish;Holocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5841;Sargocentron;microstoma;243;Sargocentron microstoma;Smallmouth squirrelfish;Holocentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5364;Sargochromis;carlottae;349;Sargochromis carlottae;Rainbow happy;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5361;Sargochromis;codringtonii;349;Sargochromis codringtonii;Green happy;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5363;Sargochromis;giardi;349;Sargochromis giardi;Pink happy;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6904;Sargochromis;mellandi;349;Sargochromis mellandi;Snaileater;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26090;Sarmarutilus;rubilio;122;Sarmarutilus rubilio;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1389;Sarotherodon;galilaeus;349;Sarotherodon galilaeus;Mango tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1412;Sarotherodon;melanotheron;349;Sarotherodon melanotheron;Blackchin tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=204;Sarpa;salpa;330;Sarpa salpa;Salema;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=57778;Satanoperca;pappaterra;349;Satanoperca pappaterra;Pantanal eartheater;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4764;Saurida;elongata;160;Saurida elongata;Slender lizardfish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4828;Saurida;longimanus;160;Saurida longimanus;Longfin lizardfish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4467;Saurida;micropectoralis;160;Saurida micropectoralis;Shortfin lizardfish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6479;Saurida;tumbil;160;Saurida tumbil;Greater lizardfish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1055;Saurida;undosquamis;160;Saurida undosquamis;Brushtooth lizardfish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47352;Saurogobio;dabryi;122;Saurogobio dabryi;Chinese lizard gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2595;Scaphirhynchus;albus;32;Scaphirhynchus albus;Pallid sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2596;Scaphirhynchus;platorynchus;32;Scaphirhynchus platorynchus;Shovelnose sturgeon;Acipenseridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49064;Scardinius;acarnanicus;122;Scardinius acarnanicus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2951;Scardinius;erythrophthalmus;122;Scardinius erythrophthalmus;Rudd;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5540;Scarus;altipinnis;364;Scarus altipinnis;Filament-finned parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5543;Scarus;chameleon;364;Scarus chameleon;Chameleon parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1153;Scarus;coeruleus;364;Scarus coeruleus;Blue parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14380;Scarus;ferrugineus;364;Scarus ferrugineus;Rusty parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5546;Scarus;frenatus;364;Scarus frenatus;Bridled parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5548;Scarus;ghobban;364;Scarus ghobban;Blue-barred parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1155;Scarus;guacamaia;364;Scarus guacamaia;Rainbow parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1154;Scarus;iseri;364;Scarus iseri;Striped parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5550;Scarus;niger;364;Scarus niger;Dusky parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5553;Scarus;psittacus;364;Scarus psittacus;Common parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4969;Scarus;rivulatus;364;Scarus rivulatus;Rivulated parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5555;Scarus;rubroviolaceus;364;Scarus rubroviolaceus;Ember parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7913;Scarus;scaber;364;Scarus scaber;Fivesaddle parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4975;Scarus;schlegeli;364;Scarus schlegeli;Yellowband parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1157;Scarus;vetula;364;Scarus vetula;Queen parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4698;Scatophagus;argus;341;Scatophagus argus;Spotted scat;Scatophagidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12914;Schilbe;intermedius;133;Schilbe intermedius;Silver catfish;Schilbeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2446;Schilbe;mandibularis;133;Schilbe mandibularis;;Schilbeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2447;Schilbe;mystus;133;Schilbe mystus;African butter catfish;Schilbeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9375;Schilbe;uranoscopus;133;Schilbe uranoscopus;;Schilbeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54495;Schizopygopsis;younghusbandi;122;Schizopygopsis younghusbandi;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=948;Sciades;couma;145;Sciades couma;Couma sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=952;Sciades;parkeri;145;Sciades parkeri;Gillbacker sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=955;Sciades;proops;145;Sciades proops;Crucifix sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1294;Sciades;sona;145;Sciades sona;Sona sea catfish;Ariidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1707;Sciaena;umbra;331;Sciaena umbra;Brown meagre;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1191;Sciaenops;ocellatus;331;Sciaenops ocellatus;Red drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=906;Scoliodon;laticaudus;11;Scoliodon laticaudus;Spadenose shark;Carcharhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5877;Scolopsis;lineata;324;Scolopsis lineata;Striped monocle bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5889;Scolopsis;taeniata;324;Scolopsis taeniata;Black-streaked monocle bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5875;Scolopsis;taenioptera;324;Scolopsis taenioptera;Lattice monocle bream;Nemipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=116;Scomber;australasicus;416;Scomber australasicus;Blue mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54736;Scomber;colias;416;Scomber colias;Atlantic chub mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=117;Scomber;japonicus;416;Scomber japonicus;Chub mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=118;Scomber;scombrus;416;Scomber scombrus;Atlantic mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1084;Scomberesox;saurus;208;Scomberesox saurus;Atlantic saury;Scomberesocidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1951;Scomberoides;lysan;314;Scomberoides lysan;Doublespotted queenfish;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=119;Scomberomorus;brasiliensis;416;Scomberomorus brasiliensis;Serra Spanish mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=120;Scomberomorus;cavalla;416;Scomberomorus cavalla;King mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=121;Scomberomorus;commerson;416;Scomberomorus commerson;Narrow-barred Spanish mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=123;Scomberomorus;guttatus;416;Scomberomorus guttatus;Indo-Pacific king mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=125;Scomberomorus;lineolatus;416;Scomberomorus lineolatus;Streaked seerfish;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=126;Scomberomorus;maculatus;416;Scomberomorus maculatus;Atlantic Spanish mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=129;Scomberomorus;munroi;416;Scomberomorus munroi;Australian spotted mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=131;Scomberomorus;niphonius;416;Scomberomorus niphonius;Japanese Spanish mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=132;Scomberomorus;plurilineatus;416;Scomberomorus plurilineatus;Kanadi kingfish;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=133;Scomberomorus;queenslandicus;416;Scomberomorus queenslandicus;Queensland school mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=134;Scomberomorus;regalis;416;Scomberomorus regalis;Cero;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=135;Scomberomorus;semifasciatus;416;Scomberomorus semifasciatus;Broad-barred king mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=136;Scomberomorus;sierra;416;Scomberomorus sierra;Pacific sierra;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=141;Scomberomorus;tritor;416;Scomberomorus tritor;West African Spanish mackerel;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10360;Scombrops;boops;529;Scombrops boops;Gnomefish;Scombropidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10369;Scombrops;gilberti;529;Scombrops gilberti;;Scombropidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5119;Scopelengys;tristis;168;Scopelengys tristis;Pacific blackchin;Neoscopelidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11600;Scopelosaurus;harryi;470;Scopelosaurus harryi;Scaly paperbone;Notosudidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=530;Scophthalmus;aquosus;515;Scophthalmus aquosus;Windowpane flounder;Scophthalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1348;Scophthalmus;maximus;515;Scophthalmus maximus;Turbot;Scophthalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=529;Scophthalmus;rhombus;515;Scophthalmus rhombus;Brill;Scophthalmidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46983;Scorpaena;cardinalis;264;Scorpaena cardinalis;Eastern red scorpionfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3943;Scorpaena;guttata;264;Scorpaena guttata;California scorpionfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17259;Scorpaena;loppei;264;Scorpaena loppei;Cadenat's rockfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10185;Scorpaena;maderensis;264;Scorpaena maderensis;Madeira rockfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1760;Scorpaena;notata;264;Scorpaena notata;Small red scorpionfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1758;Scorpaena;porcus;264;Scorpaena porcus;Black scorpionfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1759;Scorpaena;scrofa;264;Scorpaena scrofa;Red scorpionfish;Scorpaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4140;Scorpaenichthys;marmoratus;277;Scorpaenichthys marmoratus;Cabezon;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14390;Scorpis;aequipinnis;339;Scorpis aequipinnis;Sea sweep;Kyphosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=27504;Scorpis;lineolata;339;Scorpis lineolata;Silver sweep;Kyphosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=845;Scyliorhinus;canicula;10;Scyliorhinus canicula;Lesser spotted dogfish;Scyliorhinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3949;Sebastes;aleutianus;573;Sebastes aleutianus;Rougheye rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=504;Sebastes;alutus;573;Sebastes alutus;Pacific ocean perch;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3954;Sebastes;borealis;573;Sebastes borealis;Shortraker rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3955;Sebastes;brevispinis;573;Sebastes brevispinis;Silvergray rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3957;Sebastes;caurinus;573;Sebastes caurinus;Copper rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3961;Sebastes;constellatus;573;Sebastes constellatus;Starry rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3962;Sebastes;crameri;573;Sebastes crameri;Darkblotched rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3965;Sebastes;elongatus;573;Sebastes elongatus;Greenstriped rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3966;Sebastes;emphaeus;573;Sebastes emphaeus;Puget Sound rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3969;Sebastes;fasciatus;573;Sebastes fasciatus;Acadian redfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=503;Sebastes;flavidus;573;Sebastes flavidus;Yellowtail rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3971;Sebastes;goodei;573;Sebastes goodei;Chilipepper rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3973;Sebastes;hopkinsi;573;Sebastes hopkinsi;Squarespot rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4586;Sebastes;inermis;573;Sebastes inermis;;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3974;Sebastes;jordani;573;Sebastes jordani;Shortbelly rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3976;Sebastes;levis;573;Sebastes levis;Cowcod;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3979;Sebastes;melanops;573;Sebastes melanops;Black rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3981;Sebastes;melanostomus;573;Sebastes melanostomus;Blackgill rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=505;Sebastes;mentella;573;Sebastes mentella;Beaked redfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23852;Sebastes;minor;573;Sebastes minor;;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3983;Sebastes;mystinus;573;Sebastes mystinus;Blue rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=501;Sebastes;norvegicus;573;Sebastes norvegicus;Golden redfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3986;Sebastes;ovalis;573;Sebastes ovalis;Speckled rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4587;Sebastes;pachycephalus;573;Sebastes pachycephalus;;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3987;Sebastes;paucispinis;573;Sebastes paucispinis;Bocaccio rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3989;Sebastes;pinniger;573;Sebastes pinniger;Canary rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3990;Sebastes;polyspinis;573;Sebastes polyspinis;Northern rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3991;Sebastes;proriger;573;Sebastes proriger;Redstripe rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3993;Sebastes;reedi;573;Sebastes reedi;Yellowmouth rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3995;Sebastes;rosenblatti;573;Sebastes rosenblatti;Greenblotched rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3996;Sebastes;ruberrimus;573;Sebastes ruberrimus;Yelloweye rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4000;Sebastes;saxicola;573;Sebastes saxicola;Stripetail rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6534;Sebastes;schlegelii;573;Sebastes schlegelii;Korean rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4001;Sebastes;semicinctus;573;Sebastes semicinctus;Halfbanded rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4002;Sebastes;serranoides;573;Sebastes serranoides;Olive rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13053;Sebastes;steindachneri;573;Sebastes steindachneri;;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23854;Sebastes;taczanowskii;573;Sebastes taczanowskii;;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63583;Sebastes;variabilis;573;Sebastes variabilis;;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4006;Sebastes;variegatus;573;Sebastes variegatus;Harlequin rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1352;Sebastes;viviparus;573;Sebastes viviparus;Norway redfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4008;Sebastes;zacentrus;573;Sebastes zacentrus;Sharpchin rockfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4597;Sebastiscus;marmoratus;573;Sebastiscus marmoratus;False kelpfish;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4009;Sebastolobus;alascanus;573;Sebastolobus alascanus;Shortspine thornyhead;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4010;Sebastolobus;altivelis;573;Sebastolobus altivelis;Longspine thornyhead;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11704;Sebastolobus;macrochir;573;Sebastolobus macrochir;Broadbanded thornyhead;Sebastidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4455;Secutor;insidiator;318;Secutor insidiator;Pugnose ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4811;Secutor;ruconius;318;Secutor ruconius;Deep pugnose ponyfish;Leiognathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1954;Selar;boops;314;Selar boops;Oxeye scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=387;Selar;crumenophthalmus;314;Selar crumenophthalmus;Bigeye scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=388;Selaroides;leptolepis;314;Selaroides leptolepis;Yellowstripe scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1955;Selene;brownii;314;Selene brownii;Caribbean moonfish;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=379;Selene;dorsalis;314;Selene dorsalis;African moonfish;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=378;Selene;setapinnis;314;Selene setapinnis;Atlantic moonfish;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2952;Semotilus;atromaculatus;122;Semotilus atromaculatus;Creek chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1005;Seriola;dumerili;314;Seriola dumerili;Greater amberjack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=382;Seriola;lalandi;314;Seriola lalandi;Yellowtail amberjack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=381;Seriola;quinqueradiata;314;Seriola quinqueradiata;Japanese amberjack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12918;Seriolella;brama;421;Seriolella brama;Common warehou;Centrolophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8390;Seriolella;porosa;421;Seriolella porosa;Choicy ruff;Centrolophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12922;Seriolella;punctata;421;Seriolella punctata;Silver warehou;Centrolophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5358;Serranochromis;angusticeps;349;Serranochromis angusticeps;Thinface cichlid;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5359;Serranochromis;macrocephalus;349;Serranochromis macrocephalus;Purpleface largemouth;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2383;Serranochromis;robustus;349;Serranochromis robustus;Yellow-belly bream;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14418;Serranus;atricauda;289;Serranus atricauda;Blacktail comber;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1353;Serranus;cabrilla;289;Serranus cabrilla;Comber;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14419;Serranus;hepatus;289;Serranus hepatus;Brown comber;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1761;Serranus;scriba;289;Serranus scriba;Painted comber;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3348;Serranus;subligarius;289;Serranus subligarius;Belted sandfish;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11483;Serrivomer;sector;65;Serrivomer sector;Sawtooth eel;Serrivomeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=610;Setipinna;phasa;454;Setipinna phasa;Gangetic hairfin anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=611;Setipinna;taty;454;Setipinna taty;Scaly hairfin anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4614;Siganus;argenteus;413;Siganus argenteus;Streamlined spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4456;Siganus;canaliculatus;413;Siganus canaliculatus;White-spotted spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4616;Siganus;fuscescens;413;Siganus fuscescens;Mottled spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4588;Siganus;guttatus;413;Siganus guttatus;Orange-spotted spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4625;Siganus;lineatus;413;Siganus lineatus;Golden-lined spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4613;Siganus;luridus;413;Siganus luridus;Dusky spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4545;Siganus;rivulatus;413;Siganus rivulatus;Marbled spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4457;Siganus;spinus;413;Siganus spinus;Little spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4615;Siganus;sutor;413;Siganus sutor;Shoemaker spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4561;Siganus;vermiculatus;413;Siganus vermiculatus;Vermiculated spinefoot;Siganidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8489;Sillaginodes;punctatus;307;Sillaginodes punctatus;King George whiting;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=402;Sillaginopsis;panijus;307;Sillaginopsis panijus;Flathead sillago;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8492;Sillago;analis;307;Sillago analis;Golden-lined sillago;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8498;Sillago;bassensis;307;Sillago bassensis;Southern school whiting;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8505;Sillago;burrus;307;Sillago burrus;Western trumpeter sillago;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4709;Sillago;ciliata;307;Sillago ciliata;Sand sillago;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8512;Sillago;flindersi;307;Sillago flindersi;Eastern school whiting;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8535;Sillago;robusta;307;Sillago robusta;Stout whiting;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7972;Sillago;schomburgkii;307;Sillago schomburgkii;Yellowfin whiting;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4544;Sillago;sihama;307;Sillago sihama;Silver sillago;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8538;Sillago;vittata;307;Sillago vittata;Western school whiting;Sillaginidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25303;Silurus;aristotelis;132;Silurus aristotelis;;Siluridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6566;Silurus;asotus;132;Silurus asotus;Amur catfish;Siluridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=289;Silurus;glanis;132;Silurus glanis;Wels catfish;Siluridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=25310;Silurus;triostegus;132;Silurus triostegus;Tigris catfish;Siluridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=28054;Siniperca;chuatsi;288;Siniperca chuatsi;Mandarin fish;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55170;Siniperca;knerii;288;Siniperca knerii;Big-eye mandarin fish;Percichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2757;Siphateles;bicolor;122;Siphateles bicolor;Tui chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11707;Solea;aegyptiaca;441;Solea aegyptiaca;Egyptian sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8852;Solea;senegalensis;441;Solea senegalensis;Senegalese sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=525;Solea;solea;441;Solea solea;Common sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=138;Somniosus;microcephalus;658;Somniosus microcephalus;Greenland shark;Somniosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12144;Sorubim;lima;150;Sorubim lima;Duckbill catfish;Pimelodidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4499;Sparidentex;hasta;330;Sparidentex hasta;Sobaity seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3675;Sparisoma;atomarium;364;Sparisoma atomarium;Greenblotch parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1158;Sparisoma;aurofrenatum;364;Sparisoma aurofrenatum;Redband parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1159;Sparisoma;chrysopterum;364;Sparisoma chrysopterum;Redtail parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13025;Sparisoma;cretense;364;Sparisoma cretense;Parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=61101;Sparisoma;frondosum;364;Sparisoma frondosum;;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1160;Sparisoma;rubripinne;364;Sparisoma rubripinne;Redfin parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=22546;Sparisoma;strigatum;364;Sparisoma strigatum;Strigate parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1161;Sparisoma;viride;364;Sparisoma viride;Stoplight parrotfish;Scaridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5383;Sparodon;durbanensis;330;Sparodon durbanensis;Musselcracker seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1164;Sparus;aurata;330;Sparus aurata;Gilthead seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5496;Sperata;aor;130;Sperata aor;Long-whiskered catfish;Bagridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1181;Sphoeroides;maculatus;448;Sphoeroides maculatus;Northern puffer;Tetraodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1242;Sphoeroides;testudineus;448;Sphoeroides testudineus;Checkered puffer;Tetraodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3678;Sphyraena;argentea;360;Sphyraena argentea;Pacific barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1235;Sphyraena;barracuda;360;Sphyraena barracuda;Great barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=16905;Sphyraena;chrysotaenia;360;Sphyraena chrysotaenia;Yellowstripe barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7937;Sphyraena;flavicauda;360;Sphyraena flavicauda;Yellowtail barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4827;Sphyraena;jello;360;Sphyraena jello;Pickhandle barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4493;Sphyraena;obtusata;360;Sphyraena obtusata;Obtuse barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13001;Sphyraena;pinguis;360;Sphyraena pinguis;Red barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7938;Sphyraena;putnamae;360;Sphyraena putnamae;Sawtooth barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1765;Sphyraena;sphyraena;360;Sphyraena sphyraena;European barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10202;Sphyraena;viridensis;360;Sphyraena viridensis;Yellowmouth barracuda;Sphyraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=912;Sphyrna;lewini;12;Sphyrna lewini;Scalloped hammerhead;Sphyrnidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=915;Sphyrna;tiburo;12;Sphyrna tiburo;Bonnethead;Sphyrnidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4887;Spicara;maena;330;Spicara maena;Blotched picarel;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1766;Spicara;smaris;330;Spicara smaris;Picarel;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1355;Spinachia;spinachia;260;Spinachia spinachia;Sea stickleback;Gasterosteidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2698;Spirinchus;thaleichthys;80;Spirinchus thaleichthys;Longfin smelt;Osmeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1356;Spondyliosoma;cantharus;330;Spondyliosoma cantharus;Black seabream;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1457;Spratelloides;delicatulus;43;Spratelloides delicatulus;Delicate round herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1458;Spratelloides;gracilis;43;Spratelloides gracilis;Silver-stripe round herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1459;Spratelloides;lewisi;43;Spratelloides lewisi;Lewis' round herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1466;Sprattus;fuegensis;43;Sprattus fuegensis;Falkland sprat;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1357;Sprattus;sprattus;43;Sprattus sprattus;European sprat;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=47354;Squalidus;chankaensis;122;Squalidus chankaensis;Khanka gudgeon;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10387;Squaliobarbus;curriculus;122;Squaliobarbus curriculus;Barbel chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4482;Squalius;cephalus;122;Squalius cephalus;Chub;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23607;Squalius;pyrenaicus;122;Squalius pyrenaicus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26624;Squalius;svallize;122;Squalius svallize;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=139;Squalus;acanthias;13;Squalus acanthias;Picked dogfish;Squalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=708;Squalus;blainville;13;Squalus blainville;Longnose spurdog;Squalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=711;Squalus;megalops;13;Squalus megalops;Shortnose spurdog;Squalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=65869;Squalus;suckleyi;13;Squalus suckleyi;Pacific spiny dogfish;Squalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=729;Squatina;californica;15;Squatina californica;Pacific angelshark;Squatinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4352;Stegastes;nigricans;350;Stegastes nigricans;Dusky farmerfish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3653;Stegastes;planifrons;350;Stegastes planifrons;Threespot damselfish;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2737;Stenobrachius;leucopsarus;167;Stenobrachius leucopsarus;Northern lampfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=17406;Stenobrachius;nannochir;167;Stenobrachius nannochir;Garnet lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2692;Stenodus;leucichthys;76;Stenodus leucichthys;Sheefish;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=452;Stenotomus;chrysops;330;Stenotomus chrysops;Scup;Sparidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4281;Stephanolepis;hispidus;517;Stephanolepis hispidus;Planehead filefish;Monacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8025;Stethojulis;albovittata;362;Stethojulis albovittata;Bluelined wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6622;Stethojulis;trilineata;362;Stethojulis trilineata;Three-lined rainbowfish;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23789;Stichaeus;grigorjewi;393;Stichaeus grigorjewi;;Stichaeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=23790;Stichaeus;nozawae;393;Stichaeus nozawae;;Stichaeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3795;Stichaeus;punctatus+punctatus;393;Stichaeus punctatus punctatus;Arctic shanny;Stichaeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=564;Stolephorus;carpentariae;454;Stolephorus carpentariae;Gulf of Carpenteria anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=566;Stolephorus;commersonnii;454;Stolephorus commersonnii;Commerson's anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=569;Stolephorus;indicus;454;Stolephorus indicus;Indian anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=571;Stolephorus;insularis;454;Stolephorus insularis;Hardenberg's anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=574;Stolephorus;nelsoni;454;Stolephorus nelsoni;Nelson's anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=577;Stolephorus;tri;454;Stolephorus tri;Spined anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=578;Stolephorus;waitei;454;Stolephorus waitei;Spotty-face anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1549;Stolothrissa;tanganicae;43;Stolothrissa tanganicae;Lake Tanganyika sprat;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5155;Stomias;atriventer;91;Stomias atriventer;Black-belly dragonfish;Stomiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1530;Strangomera;bentincki;43;Strangomera bentincki;Araucanian herring;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8595;Strophidon;sathete;56;Strophidon sathete;Slender giant moray;Muraenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4231;Syacium;gunteri;514;Syacium gunteri;Shoal flounder;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5351;Symbolophorus;californiensis;167;Symbolophorus californiensis;Bigfin lanternfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1791;Symphodus;cinereus;362;Symphodus cinereus;Grey wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4578;Symphodus;mediterraneus;362;Symphodus mediterraneus;Axillary wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=59;Symphodus;melops;362;Symphodus melops;Corkwing wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1792;Symphodus;ocellatus;362;Symphodus ocellatus;;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1709;Symphodus;roissali;362;Symphodus roissali;Five-spotted wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4580;Symphodus;rostratus;362;Symphodus rostratus;;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1708;Symphodus;tinca;362;Symphodus tinca;East Atlantic peacock wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=215;Symphorus;nematophorus;323;Symphorus nematophorus;Chinamanfish;Lutjanidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8870;Symphurus;ligulatus;442;Symphurus ligulatus;Elongate tonguesole;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1019;Symphurus;plagiusa;442;Symphurus plagiusa;Blackcheek tonguefish;Cynoglossidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1763;Synapturichthys;kleinii;441;Synapturichthys kleinii;Klein's sole;Soleidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5980;Syngnathoides;biaculeatus;258;Syngnathoides biaculeatus;Alligator pipefish;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1359;Syngnathus;rostellatus;258;Syngnathus rostellatus;Nilsson's pipefish;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1360;Syngnathus;typhle;258;Syngnathus typhle;Broadnosed pipefish;Syngnathidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9533;Synodontis;afrofischeri;144;Synodontis afrofischeri;Fischer's Victoria squeaker;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2453;Synodontis;bastiani;144;Synodontis bastiani;;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5469;Synodontis;batensoda;144;Synodontis batensoda;Upsidedown catfish;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9545;Synodontis;budgetti;144;Synodontis budgetti;;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9529;Synodontis;clarias;144;Synodontis clarias;Mandi;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9517;Synodontis;membranaceus;144;Synodontis membranaceus;;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8708;Synodontis;nigromaculatus;144;Synodontis nigromaculatus;Blackspotted squeaker;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9614;Synodontis;resupinatus;144;Synodontis resupinatus;;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2458;Synodontis;schall;144;Synodontis schall;Wahrindi;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9638;Synodontis;victoriae;144;Synodontis victoriae;Lake Victoria squeaker;Mochokidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7941;Synodus;hoshinonis;160;Synodus hoshinonis;Blackear lizardfish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2724;Synodus;myops;160;Synodus myops;Snakefish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1771;Synodus;saurus;160;Synodus saurus;Atlantic lizardfish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5398;Synodus;variegatus;160;Synodus variegatus;Variegated lizardfish;Synodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13197;Systomus;sarana;122;Systomus sarana;Olive barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2713;Tactostoma;macropus;91;Tactostoma macropus;Longfin dragonfish;Stomiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8198;Takifugu;rubripes;448;Takifugu rubripes;Japanese pufferfish;Tetraodontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8558;Tanakius;kitaharae;440;Tanakius kitaharae;Willowy flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=12101;Tandanus;tandanus;149;Tandanus tandanus;Freshwater catfish;Plotosidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1361;Taurulus;bubalis;277;Taurulus bubalis;Longspined bullhead;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=458;Tautoga;onitis;362;Tautoga onitis;Tautog;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3672;Tautogolabrus;adspersus;362;Tautogolabrus adspersus;Cunner;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10742;Teixeirichthys;jordani;350;Teixeirichthys jordani;Jordan's damsel;Pomacentridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=26030;Telestes;pleurobipunctatus;122;Telestes pleurobipunctatus;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7947;Tentoriceps;cristatus;415;Tentoriceps cristatus;Crested hairtail;Trichiuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1596;Tenualosa;ilisha;43;Tenualosa ilisha;Hilsa shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1598;Tenualosa;reevesii;43;Tenualosa reevesii;Reeves shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1600;Tenualosa;toli;43;Tenualosa toli;Toli shad;Clupeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4458;Terapon;jarbua;299;Terapon jarbua;Jarbua terapon;Terapontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4829;Terapon;theraps;299;Terapon theraps;Largescaled terapon;Terapontidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1772;Tetragonurus;cuvieri;424;Tetragonurus cuvieri;Smalleye squaretail;Tetragonuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2552;Tetronarce;californica;18;Tetronarce californica;Pacific electric ray;Torpedinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3673;Thalassoma;bifasciatum;362;Thalassoma bifasciatum;Bluehead;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5643;Thalassoma;hardwicke;362;Thalassoma hardwicke;Sixbar wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=256;Thaleichthys;pacificus;80;Thaleichthys pacificus;Eulachon;Osmeridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11683;Thamnaconus;hypargyreus;517;Thamnaconus hypargyreus;Lesser-spotted leatherjacket;Monacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7689;Thorogobius;ephippiatus;405;Thorogobius ephippiatus;Leopard-spotted goby;Gobiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=581;Thryssa;aestuaria;454;Thryssa aestuaria;Estuarine thryssa;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=589;Thryssa;hamiltonii;454;Thryssa hamiltonii;Hamilton's thryssa;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=590;Thryssa;kammalensis;454;Thryssa kammalensis;Kammal thryssa;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=594;Thryssa;mystax;454;Thryssa mystax;Moustached thryssa;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=599;Thryssa;setirostris;454;Thryssa setirostris;Longjaw thryssa;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=602;Thryssa;vitrirostris;454;Thryssa vitrirostris;Orangemouth anchovy;Engraulidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=142;Thunnus;alalunga;416;Thunnus alalunga;Albacore;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=143;Thunnus;albacares;416;Thunnus albacares;Yellowfin tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=144;Thunnus;atlanticus;416;Thunnus atlanticus;Blackfin tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=145;Thunnus;maccoyii;416;Thunnus maccoyii;Southern bluefin tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=146;Thunnus;obesus;416;Thunnus obesus;Bigeye tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=14290;Thunnus;orientalis;416;Thunnus orientalis;Pacific bluefin tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=147;Thunnus;thynnus;416;Thunnus thynnus;Atlantic bluefin tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=148;Thunnus;tonggol;416;Thunnus tonggol;Longtail tuna;Scombridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2693;Thymallus;arcticus;76;Thymallus arcticus;Arctic grayling;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4643;Thymallus;brevirostris;76;Thymallus brevirostris;Mongolian grayling;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4605;Thymallus;thymallus;76;Thymallus thymallus;Grayling;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=63284;Thymallus;tugarinae;76;Thymallus tugarinae;lower Amur grayling;Salmonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=489;Thyrsites;atun;414;Thyrsites atun;Snoek;Gempylidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=490;Thyrsitops;lepidopoides;414;Thyrsitops lepidopoides;White snake mackerel;Gempylidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2483;Tilapia;brevimanus;349;Tilapia brevimanus;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4719;Tilapia;sparrmanii;349;Tilapia sparrmanii;Banded tilapia;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=269;Tinca;tinca;122;Tinca tinca;Tench;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13216;Tor;khudree;122;Tor khudree;Deccan mahseer;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=9194;Tor;putitora;122;Tor putitora;Putitor mahseer;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4644;Tor;tor;122;Tor tor;Tor barb;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2062;Torpedo;torpedo;18;Torpedo torpedo;Common torpedo;Torpedinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6317;Totoaba;macdonaldi;331;Totoaba macdonaldi;Totoaba;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=55396;Toxabramis;swinhonis;122;Toxabramis swinhonis;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8079;Toxotes;chatareus;337;Toxotes chatareus;Spotted archerfish;Toxotidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1010;Trachinotus;falcatus;314;Trachinotus falcatus;Permit;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1971;Trachinotus;marginatus;314;Trachinotus marginatus;Plata pompano;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3265;Trachipterus;arcticus;225;Trachipterus arcticus;Dealfish;Trachipteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5382;Trachurus;capensis;314;Trachurus capensis;Cape horse mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=372;Trachurus;declivis;314;Trachurus declivis;Greenback horse mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1982;Trachurus;indicus;314;Trachurus indicus;Arabian scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=366;Trachurus;japonicus;314;Trachurus japonicus;Japanese jack mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=369;Trachurus;lathami;314;Trachurus lathami;Rough scad;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1278;Trachurus;mediterraneus;314;Trachurus mediterraneus;Mediterranean horse mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=367;Trachurus;murphyi;314;Trachurus murphyi;Chilean jack mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1979;Trachurus;novaezelandiae;314;Trachurus novaezelandiae;Yellowtail horse mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1279;Trachurus;picturatus;314;Trachurus picturatus;Blue jack mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=368;Trachurus;symmetricus;314;Trachurus symmetricus;Pacific jack mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1365;Trachurus;trachurus;314;Trachurus trachurus;Atlantic horse mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=371;Trachurus;trecae;314;Trachurus trecae;Cunene horse mackerel;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4556;Trachyrincus;scabrus;185;Trachyrincus scabrus;Roughsnout grenadier;Macrouridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7053;Trematomus;bernacchii;382;Trematomus bernacchii;Emerald rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7054;Trematomus;eulepidotus;382;Trematomus eulepidotus;Blunt scalyhead;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7055;Trematomus;hansoni;382;Trematomus hansoni;Striped rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7056;Trematomus;lepidorhinus;382;Trematomus lepidorhinus;Slender scalyhead;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7057;Trematomus;loennbergii;382;Trematomus loennbergii;Scaly rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7058;Trematomus;newnesi;382;Trematomus newnesi;Dusky rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7059;Trematomus;nicolai;382;Trematomus nicolai;Spotted notothen;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7060;Trematomus;pennellii;382;Trematomus pennellii;Sharp-spined notothenia;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7061;Trematomus;scotti;382;Trematomus scotti;Crowned rockcod;Nototheniidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4562;Triacanthus;biaculeatus;444;Triacanthus biaculeatus;Short-nosed tripodfish;Triacanthidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5949;Triakis;scyllium;488;Triakis scyllium;Banded houndshark;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2543;Triakis;semifasciata;488;Triakis semifasciata;Leopard shark;Triakidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1288;Trichiurus;lepturus;415;Trichiurus lepturus;Largehead hairtail;Trichiuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=58409;Trichiurus;nanhaiensis;415;Trichiurus nanhaiensis;;Trichiuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4770;Trichogaster;fasciata;429;Trichogaster fasciata;Banded gourami;Osphronemidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=49986;Trichomycterus;itacarambiensis;155;Trichomycterus itacarambiensis;;Trichomycteridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5038;Trigla;lyra;266;Trigla lyra;Piper gurnard;Triglidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4144;Triglops;forficatus;277;Triglops forficatus;Scissortail sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4148;Triglops;pingelii;277;Triglops pingelii;Ribbed sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4149;Triglops;scepticus;277;Triglops scepticus;Spectacled sculpin;Cottidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4260;Trinectes;maculatus;516;Trinectes maculatus;Hogchoker;Achiridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2739;Triphoturus;mexicanus;167;Triphoturus mexicanus;Mexican lampfish;Myctophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51200;Triportheus;albus;688;Triportheus albus;;Triportheidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=61043;Triportheus;auritus;688;Triportheus auritus;;Triportheidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7375;Triso;dermopterus;289;Triso dermopterus;Oval grouper;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1023;Trisopterus;esmarkii;183;Trisopterus esmarkii;Norway pout;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1367;Trisopterus;luscus;183;Trisopterus luscus;Pouting;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=481;Trisopterus;minutus;183;Trisopterus minutus;Poor cod;Gadidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6911;Tristramella;simonis;349;Tristramella simonis;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8982;Tropheus;moorii;349;Tropheus moorii;Blunthead cichlid;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8707;Tylochromis;bangwelensis;349;Tylochromis bangwelensis;Hump-back bream;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2491;Tylochromis;jentinki;349;Tylochromis jentinki;;Cichlidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3063;Typhlichthys;subterraneus;178;Typhlichthys subterraneus;Southern cavefish;Amblyopsidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3796;Ulvaria;subbifurcata;393;Ulvaria subbifurcata;Radiated shanny;Stichaeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4670;Umbra;krameri;75;Umbra krameri;Mudminnow;Umbridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2707;Umbra;limi;75;Umbra limi;Central mudminnow;Umbridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2708;Umbra;pygmaea;75;Umbra pygmaea;Eastern mudminnow;Umbridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4548;Umbrina;canariensis;331;Umbrina canariensis;Canary drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=413;Umbrina;canosai;331;Umbrina canosai;Argentine croaker;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1306;Umbrina;cirrosa;331;Umbrina cirrosa;Shi drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1199;Umbrina;coroides;331;Umbrina coroides;Sand drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3590;Umbrina;roncador;331;Umbrina roncador;Yellowfin drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4547;Umbrina;ronchus;331;Umbrina ronchus;Fusca drum;Sciaenidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=67293;Upeneus;heemstra;332;Upeneus heemstra;Heemstra goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7879;Upeneus;japonicus;332;Upeneus japonicus;Japanese goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10546;Upeneus;luzonius;332;Upeneus luzonius;Dark-barred goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4444;Upeneus;moluccensis;332;Upeneus moluccensis;Goldband goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=46375;Upeneus;pori;332;Upeneus pori;Por's goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4445;Upeneus;sulphureus;332;Upeneus sulphureus;Sulphur goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5995;Upeneus;taeniopterus;332;Upeneus taeniopterus;Finstripe goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5443;Upeneus;tragula;332;Upeneus tragula;Freckled goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4821;Upeneus;vittatus;332;Upeneus vittatus;Yellowstriped goatfish;Mullidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1779;Uranoscopus;scaber;378;Uranoscopus scaber;Stargazer;Uranoscopidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1983;Uraspis;helvola;314;Uraspis helvola;Whitetongue jack;Carangidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=2580;Urolophus;halleri;500;Urolophus halleri;Haller's round ray;Urolophidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=311;Urophycis;brasiliensis;506;Urophycis brasiliensis;Brazilian codling;Phycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=312;Urophycis;chuss;506;Urophycis chuss;Red hake;Phycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1884;Urophycis;cirrata;506;Urophycis cirrata;Gulf hake;Phycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=60494;Urophycis;mystacea;506;Urophycis mystacea;;Phycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=313;Urophycis;tenuis;506;Urophycis tenuis;White hake;Phycidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4817;Valamugil;buchanani;359;Valamugil buchanani;Bluetail mullet;Mugilidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6478;Variola;albimarginata;289;Variola albimarginata;White-edged lyretail;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5354;Variola;louti;289;Variola louti;Yellow-edged lyretail;Serranidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6609;Verasper;moseri;440;Verasper moseri;Barfin flounder;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6607;Verasper;variegatus;440;Verasper variegatus;Spotted halibut;Pleuronectidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6375;Vimba;vimba;122;Vimba vimba;Vimba bream;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=7385;Vinciguerria;nimbaria;468;Vinciguerria nimbaria;Oceanic lightfish;Phosichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=10243;Wallago;attu;132;Wallago attu;Wallago;Siluridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1870;Wattsia;mossambica;328;Wattsia mossambica;Mozambique large-eye bream;Lethrinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4173;Xeneretmus;latifrons;283;Xeneretmus latifrons;Blacktip poacher;Agonidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54925;Xenocypris;davidi;122;Xenocypris davidi;;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=11099;Xenocypris;macrolepis;122;Xenocypris macrolepis;Yellowfin;Cyprinidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=226;Xiphias;gladius;417;Xiphias gladius;Swordfish;Xiphiidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=8304;Xiphocheilus;typus;362;Xiphocheilus typus;Blue-banded wrasse;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4581;Xyrichtys;novacula;362;Xyrichtys novacula;Pearly razorfish;Labridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=54749;Xystreurys;rasile;514;Xystreurys rasile;;Paralichthyidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3096;Zalieutes;elater;194;Zalieutes elater;Roundel batfish;Ogcocephalidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=4038;Zaniolepis;frenata;271;Zaniolepis frenata;Shortspine combfish;Hexagrammidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3819;Zaprora;silenus;398;Zaprora silenus;Prowfish;Zaproridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=51636;Zearaja;chilensis;19;Zearaja chilensis;Yellownose skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13144;Zearaja;nasuta;19;Zearaja nasuta;New Zealand rough skate;Rajidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=6018;Zebrasoma;flavescens;412;Zebrasoma flavescens;Yellow tang;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=5951;Zebrasoma;scopas;412;Zebrasoma scopas;Twotone tang;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1266;Zebrasoma;velifer;412;Zebrasoma velifer;Sailfin tang;Acanthuridae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=3255;Zenopsis;nebulosa;249;Zenopsis nebulosa;Mirror dory;Zeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=1370;Zeus;faber;249;Zeus faber;John dory;Zeidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=480;Zoarces;americanus;188;Zoarces americanus;Ocean pout;Zoarcidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=479;Zoarces;viviparus;188;Zoarces viviparus;Eelpout;Zoarcidae
http://fishbase.sinica.edu.tw/popdyn/PopGrowthList.php?ID=13018;Zosterisessor;ophiocephalus;405;Zosterisessor ophiocephalus;Grass goby;Gobiidae